COLOMBO Sri Lanka's separatist Tamil Tiger rebels said that substantial
progress had been made on the Norwegian Memorandum of Understanding (MOU)
after intense discussions for a considerable time with the Norwegian
facilitators.  "This Norwegian project, which calls for goodwill measures
of mutual reciprocity, aims at de-escalation of the conflict and the
creation of a congenial atmosphere conducive for talks," the Liberation
Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) rebels was quoted by the state-run Daily News
as saying in a statement issued on Friday from its headquarters in Vanni in
the north of the country. ( SLanka-Rebels) - - - - RIO DE JANEIRO --
Britain, Saudi Arabia and Russia decided on Thursday to suspend imports of
Brazilian meat after two foot-and- mouth disease hot spots have been
detected in Brazil's state of Rio Grande do Sul, local media reported on
Friday. Thus the number of countries that stopped buying Brazilian meat
comes to five in less than 24 hours. On Wednesday, Israel and Chile decided
to stop meat imports from Brazil for the same reason.  (Brazil-Meat
Exports) - - -- PARIS -- French President Jacques Chirac and visiting
German Chancellor Gerhard Friday night reaffirmed their questions over the
United States plan to deploy national missile defense shield ( NMD) and
urged Washington to listen to allies' opinions. "For the moment, we have
questions, which should be discussed together," said Chirac referring to
recent consultation between an American delegation and French officials
over the NMD plan. ( France-Germany-NMD) - - - - BELGRADE -- Yugoslavia's
lower house of parliament on Friday voted to deprive two members, both of
them close allies of former president Slobodan Milosevic, of immunity,
enabling investigative judges to summon them for questioning. The two --
Nikola Sainovic and Jovan Zebic -- served as federal deputy prime ministers
during Milosevic's term of office. They were accused by the Belgrade
district court of abuse of power along with Milosevic, who has been in
detention since April 1. Both Milosevic and Sainovic have been also
indicted by the U.N. war crimes tribunal in The Hague for alleged war
crimes in former Yugoslavia. (Yugoslavia-Milosevic-Allies)
