Full Text of White Paper on Narcotics Control
China is an active supporter and promoter of cooperation in drug
control in the sub-region, as initiated by the UN. In May 1991, the
NNCC of China hosted the first meeting of senior officials of China,
Thailand, Myanmar and the United Nations Drug Control Program (UNDCP)
in Beijing, to discuss the proposal on multilateral cooperation against
drug abuse in the sub-region. In June 1992, China, Myanmar and the
UNDCP signed the China/Myanmar/ UNDCP Joint Cooperation Project on Drug
Control in Rangoon, Myanmar. In October 1993, China, Myanmar, Thailand,
Laos and the UNDCP signed the Memorandum of Understanding on Narcotic
Drugs Control, which stressed keeping contacts between high officials
to further the cooperation in drug control in the sub-region. On May
1995, China, Vietnam, Laos, Thailand, Myanmar, Cambodia and the UNDCP
convened the first minister-level meeting on cooperation in sub-region
drug control in Beijing. The meeting adopted the Beijing Declaration
and signed the Sub-region Drug Control Program of Action. In 1999, the
Chinese government sent delegations to attend the sub-region
minister-level meetings in Japan and Laos to continue to promote
enthusiastic cooperation in drug control in the sub-region.
China has constantly strengthened bilateral and multilateral
cooperation in drug control with other countries. In 1985 China began
to cooperate with the United States in drug control, and in 1987 the
governments of the two nations signed the Sino-US Memorandum of
Cooperation in Narcotic Drugs Control. In 1997, the heads of the two
states signed the Sino-US Joint Statement containing contents on
cooperation in drug control, which upgraded this cooperation between
the two countries to a new level. Subsequently, the governments of
China and the United States mutually accredited anti-drug liaison
officers. Meanwhile, China attached importance to the cooperation in
drug control with Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan. In
April 1996, China and Russia signed the Agreement on Cooperation
Against Illicit Trafficking and Abuse of Narcotic Drugs and
Psychotropic Substances. In 1998 the heads of state of China,
Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia and Tajikistan signed a joint statement,
taking cracking down drug-connected and transnational crimes as major
contents in cooperation among the five countries. In addition, the
Chinese government has signed bilateral agreements on cooperation in
drug control with the governments of Mexico, India, Pakistan, Colombia
and Tajikistan.
