Krisztina Egerszegi of Hungary became the first swimmer in history to win
five individual Olympic gold medals with her third straight victory in the
200m backstroke. Teammate Attila Czene then beat world record-holder Jani
Sievinen's in the men's 200m individual medley. Russia's Alexander Popov
added a second straight 50m free title to his 100m free and the US team of
Trina Jackson, Cristina Teuscher, Sheila Taormina and Jenny Tompson won the
first women's 4 x 200m freestyle relay staged at an Olympics. -- The
International Olympic Committee meanwhile silenced rumours of drug use
surrounding Irish triple gold medal winning swimmer Michelle Smith, saying
there were no positive drug tests to report. -- Lilia Podkopayeva of the
Ukraine won over a hostile American crowd in the 32,000 sell-out Georgia
Dome to claim the women's individual gymnastics title. The 17-year-old
world champion outperformed Romania's Gina Gogean, Simona Amanar and
Lavinia Milosovici, who took silver and two bronzes. -- United States
batters unleashed the greatest one-inning home run barrage in Olympic
history and inflicted one of the most humiliating defeats ever for a
Japanese baseball team. Seven homers, five in the first inning alone,
powered the US team to a 15-5 victory and pushed Japan to the brink of
elimination. -- President Bill Clinton returned to the Atlanta Olympics and
met the Chinese Olympic Committee chief, Wei Jizhong, who has condemned the
US organisation of the Games.  The two met in the stands at the swimming
and were pictured together but White House officials would not say if
comments were exchanged. -- Australia's 200m champion Dean Capobianco and
Italian women high jumper Antonella Bevilacqua were given 11th hour
reprieves by the International Amateur Athletic Federation to compete in
the Atlanta Games despite positive drug tests. -- Two-time world
featherweight champion Udo Quellmalz won Germany's first Olympic judo gold
in Atlanta. France won their third judo gold when Marie-Claire Restoux
narrowly outpointed South Korea's Hyun Sook-Hee in the women's 52-kilo
featherweight final. more 260651
