ADB Attaches Importance to Bangladesh in War Against Poverty 
The Poverty Reduction Partnership Agreement signed between the Asian
Development Bank (ADB) and the Government of Bangladesh Monday
signifies the great importance the ADB attaches to the country in
implementing its new Poverty Reduction Strategy, the bank's head said
here Tuesday.
Briefing newsmen here, visiting ADB President Tadao Chino noted that
over the 27 years since the country joined the ADB in 1973, the bank
has extended 132 loans to Bangladesh, totaling nearly 6 billion U.S.
dollars, and grants for 257 technical assistance projects, totaling 156
million dollars.
The relationship has been raised to a higher level with the signing of
the Poverty Reduction Partnership Agreement, the ADB President said,
adding that "we now see Bangladesh as a front-line state in the war
against poverty."
Tadao Chino pointed out that subject to ADB's resource availability and
the progress of policy and institutional reforms in Bangladesh,ADB's
assistance package could amount to a total of up to 500 million dollars
per year for specific sectors like agriculture and rural development,
primary health and nutrition, basic education, water resource
management, road and rail transportation, power and energy,urban
development and the financial sector.
ADB is committed to further strengthen the development partnership it
share with Bangladesh "for our overarching goal of poverty reduction,"
he said.
The ADB head stressed that the bank's assistance will promote the three
pillars of it's poverty reduction strategy: pro-poor economic growth,
social development and good governance.
