Six Russian soldiers killed at Pervomaiskaya 
Six members of the Russian special forces were killed Tuesday in the
assault on Chechen separatists in the village of Pervomaiskaya in
Dagestan, President Boris Yeltsin's press secretary Sergei Medvedev
said.
Medvedev told journalists late Tuesday that the six, from a Dagestan
unit, had managed to penetrate to the centre of the village before
being caught in cross-fire.
The deaths brought to 12 the number of Russian troops admitted to have
been killed in the attack launched at dawn Monday. The Chechens have
acknowledged losing 15 men, some ten percent of their strength.
Medvedev said the operation, which Yeltsin said Monday would be over by
the end of that day, was going slowly because of Russian desire to
preserve the lives of the some 100 hostages being held by the Chechens.
In particular, the troops were not using any guns larger than 85 mm
calibre.
Medvedev was also quoted by the Interfax news agency, monitored in
London by the BBC, as saying that "there are no grounds to assert that
military actions will be intensified in the night, although operational
decisions are being taken by the headquarters in charge of the whole
operation."
Meanwhile the Russia television station, also monitored by the BBC,
said a journalist from the Russian daily Izvestia is feared missing in
Pervomaiskaya.
It said nothing had been heard from Valery Yakov for four days, adding
that according to unconfirmed reports he was in the village at the
moment when the Russian assault began.
