Italy-Sicily-bridge ROME An ambitious plan which the mighty Roman
Empire could only dream of may finally see the light of day after the
Italian government gave the green light for a bridge linking Sicily
with the European mainland. 500 words by Ljubomir Milsan
Russia-Japan-investment YUZHNO-SAKHALINSK, Russia Despite a wealth of
natural resources in Russia's Far East, businessmen from neighbouring
Japan remain wary of risking their money here because of sharp business
practices and the lack of stability. 700 words by Henry Meyer
Kosovo-Serbs KOSOVSKA MITROVICA, Yugoslavia At 84, Jelisaveta Roganovic
is waging her own territorial war in Kosovo. 700 words by Jean-Eudes
Barbier Germany-arts-Documenta KASSEL, Germany Art committed to peace
is one of the main themes at Europe's most influential contempory art
exhibition but the jury is out on whether the political messages
obscure the Documenta's aesthetic ones. 550 words by Geraldine Schwarz
Germany-children BERLIN "We'll take your child if no one else will.
Without asking your name, without asking questions, without causing you
pain," the sign says. It is a controversial advertisement offering some
hope to German women who are unable, for whatever reason, to be
mothers. 600 words by Celine Le Prioux Mozambique-arms MAPUTO Recover
weapons, transform them into artwork, and then trade them for tools.
That's the innovative idea behind a Christian Council of Mozambique
program to create a "culture of peace" in a nation still recovering
from 16 years of civil war. 500 words by Stephane Barbier
Algeria-casbah ALGIERS Centuries of history in the ancient Algiers
casbah are falling away, literally. 650 words by Marc Pondaven
Japan-Asia-aid TOKYO East Asia is proof that development assistance can
be effective in fighting poverty, but only if it is backed by good
governance and strong civil institutions, say experts brought together
by the World Bank. 650 words by Philippe Ries Bangladesh-children DHAKA
Thirteen-year-old Jashim spends his nights at the main railway station
in Bangladesh's capital. He makes his living selling what wastepaper
and bottles he collects and is desperate to find shelter and someone
who cares about him. 500 words by Nadeem Qadir. Picture
Singapore-health SINGAPORE The "Singapore girl" made famous by the
national airline is a slender and charming woman, but in reality she
lives in a fat-phobic society that has fuelled a multimillion-dollar
diet-pill industry with tragic consequences. 700 words by Rosana Gulzar
Mohd. Picture Australia-immigrants SYDNEY Australia's hardline stance
on asylum seekers could leave the federal government open to a
multi-million dollar compensation claim by child immigrants, the
country's main legal body warned over the weekend. 650 words
Myanmar-drugs LASHIO, Myanmar As Myanmar faces condemnation for being
the world's largest producer of opium, the ruling military's generals
are putting on a public relations extravaganza. 800 words afp
