Uganda-Zaire-force KAMPALA: Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni held
talks with the commander of the proposed Multinational force for Zaire,
Lieutenant-General Maurice Baril of Canada. They discussed the proposed
relief operations to the thousands of Rwandan and Burundian refugees
stranded in Zaire. ASEAN-Burma JAKARTA: ASEAN leaders meeting here are
not expected to make a decision on Burma's entry into the community of
southeast Asian states, officials said. A decision on Burma's
application would be made closer to a foreign ministers' meeting next
July in Kuala Lumpur. India-Teresa CALCUTTA: Nobel peace laureate
Mother Teresa was stable but still in intensive care in hospital here,
a day after a life-saving heart operation, hospital sources said.
Burma-NLD RANGOON: Burmese authorities have resumed their blockade of
the approaches to the house of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi to
prevent her addressing supporters in front of her gate. SriLanka-army
COLOMBO: Sri Lanka is set to launch a major search within and beyond
its shores for thousands of army deserters ahead of a showdown with
separatist Tamil Tiger guerrillas, officials said. Gulf-US-Saudi
RIYADH: US Defense Secretary William Perry held talks with King Fahd
ahead of a visit to camps housing some of the 5,000 US troops stationed
in Saudi Arabia, US officials said. They discussed the security
situation in the region and developments in Iraq and Iran.
Bosnia-presidency SARAJEVO: Bosnia's three-man presidency meets again
to try to form a government for the country in time for next week's
review of the Dayton peace accords. Bosnia held elections on September
14, but it has yet to have a government after squabbling among the
Serb, Croat and Moslem representatives of the three-man presidency. afp
