Pig ignorance to be allowed on UK aircraft in the EU
Rude self obsessed annoying people are to be allowed to annoy the hell
out of fellow passengers on aircraft in the EU under new rules
announced today. In a move welcomed by arrogant gits with no regard for
others the ignorant will no longer be confined to trains to inflict
their mundane prattle on fellow passengers.
UK regulator Ofcom, who have approved the new deal, explained that
there will still be some restrictions on the tedious, who will be
required to keep their mouths shut about the details of their
pathetically dull lives until aircraft reach 3,000 feet. After that
height however new technology will allow them to share half a
conversation at shouting volume with fellow passengers about how "Keith
from accounts came down bitching about my expenses but I was just like,
well, you K-B them if you like, but wait till Charles hears about this.
Yeah...yeah...yeah..I know...yeah..did he?.. twat! Anyway got to go,
I'm on the plane!"
USHIT, the union which represents selfish bastards on public transport
welcomed the move saying in a statement "In the 21st century it's been
a national disgrace that our members can only loudly inflict snippets
of their gittish existence on fellow passengers of ground based
transport. We welcome these developments and look forward to bringing
anti-social selfish ignorance kicking and screaming into the 21st
century."
Al Qaeda also welcomed the move, pointing out that while their members
tactics were sometimes controversial, they were people with feelings
too and the traditional negative reaction to hijackings had been
getting to them. Ali al Jihadi said "It's given the guys a real boost
that when we storm the cabin and execute a passenger we've got a real
chance of been greeted with applause and cheers for silencing Chad
Nadbags loud incessant prattle to his Geneva office."
