TEL AVIV: An Islamic suicide bomber blows up a crowded bus during rush hour
in central Tel Aviv, killing more than 20 people and leaving the Jewish
state hunting for a riposte that will not endanger the peace
process. Israel-blast,roundup 600 words around 1630 GMT by Barry Parker TEL
AVIV: The massive suicide bombing on Tel Aviv's main shopping street sends
shock waves rippling through Israel's biggest city, casting doubts on the
value of the peace process. Israel-blast-shock 400 words moved GROZNY,
Russia:Forces loyal to the leader of Russia's breakaway southern region of
Chechnya launch a major offensive against Russian-backed opposition forces,
killing dozens in a successful bid to clear out a key opposition
stronghold.  Russia-Chechnya,2ndlead 500 words around 1700 GMT by Nicolai
Topuria MILAN, Italy: "Crossing the Threshold of Hope," a book compiling
thoughts of Pope John II and tipped as the "best seller of best sellers,"
gets a sneak preview at a mammoth press conference on the eve of its
official release worldwide. Pope-book 500 words around 1700 GMT
PORT-AU-PRINCE:President Jean-Bertrand Aristide holds his first press
conference since returning from exile amid speculation that he will use the
occasion to name his prime minister Haiti-Aristide 500 words around 1800
GMT WASHINGTON: The speedy deployment of US troops in the Gulf in response
to Iraq's military buildup near Kuwait pleased the Pentagon but doubts
still linger over US military preparedness for the unexpected. Gulf-US 500
words moved MOSCOW: Russian President Boris Yeltsin expresses full
confidence in Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin but is unable to quash
persistent rumors that the head of government's days are
numbered. Russia-politics 500 words moved more
