ROME Yasser Arafat said on Tuesday that the Palestine National Authority
was ready to resume peace talks and he urged the United States, Russia, the
European Union and the United Nations to work to convince Israel to return
to the negotiation table. Speaking to reporters during his visit in Rome,
Arafat also voiced hope that the Israeli troop withdrawal from Palestinian
territories in the West Bank would continue and would be extended to
include pull-out from East Jerusalem.(Italy-Arafat-Negotiations) - - - -
WASHINGTON -- U.S.  Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld said Tuesday that his
country has a "modest" number of ground troops in Afghanistan. "We do have
a very modest number of ground troops in the country," Rumsfeld said at a
press briefing at Pentagon. They are doing liaison work with anti-Taliban
fighters and helping with resupply for those groups, as well as pinpointing
targets for U.S. bombers, he said. (US-Afghanistan) - - - - WASHINGTON --
The United States urged Israel Tuesday to stop blowing up the homes of
Palestinians in East Jerusalem, saying that Israel's demolition of four
Palestinian houses in the area was "highly provocative" and an obstacle to
restoring calm between the two parties.  The United States was troubled by
reports that Israel has demolished several Palestinian homes in East
Jerusalem, State Department spokesman Richard Boucher said at a press
briefing. (US- Israel) - - - - UNITED NATIONS -- U.N. Secretary-General
Kofi Annan on Tuesday said he wants to see the U.S.-led military action in
Afghanistan ends as soon as possible so that the U.N. can step up its
humanitarian efforts in the country. "What I am saying is that we would
want to see this whole military operation ended as soon as possible,
particularly the air action, so that we can begin to move in our supplies,"
he told reporters at the U.N. headquarters in New York. (UN-Afghanistan) -
- - - UNITED NATIONS -- The U.N. Security Council on Tuesday received a
report by an independent five-member panel dealing with Liberia sanctions,
in which it recommended that the arms embargo and rough diamond sanctions
be extended. It further called for a ban on all round log exports from
Liberia, starting from July 2002. (UN-Liberia)
