The New York Times said in an editorial on Tuesday, Aug. 16:
Spurred by the Senate, President Clinton has finally promised to
promote the Bosnian policy he claims to have favored all along. He has
set a late October deadline for the Bosnian Serbs to accept
unconditionally the latest international peace plan. If they refuse,
Clinton says, he will ask the U.N. Security Council to lift the
perverse arms embargo against the Bosnian government.
The embargo has unfairly frozen a huge imbalance in favor of the
Bosnian Serbs. At the start of the war, Serbian forces seized heavy
weapons from the old Yugoslav army's Bosnian storage depots. Then they
used these weapons to besiege refugee-crammed cities like Sarajevo and
Gorazde.
Clinton set his deadline to discourage senators from voting to lift the
embargo unilaterally. That could damage U.S. interests by tempting
others to violate U.N. embargoes that Washington supports, like those
against Haiti, Iraq, and Libya. Still, a Senate majority last week
approved an amendment to the defense appropriations bill that would
lift the Bosnian embargo unilaterally by Nov. 15. The effect is likely
symbolic, since no such amendment was attached to the House version.
But since a House majority previously voted to lift the embargo, the
administration is now under pressure to get results in the Security
Council.
The issue should never have come to a Capitol Hill showdown. Lifting
the arms embargo is the policy Clinton says he prefers. But amid
mumbling by the administration's foreign policy team, European
preferences for enforced partition schemes involving large numbers of
outside troops always carried the day.
Last month, the U.S., Russia, Germany, France, and Britain drew up yet
another partition map and warned both sides to accept it
unconditionally or face concerted pressure. The Bosnian government
accepted and the Bosnian Serbs refused. The five were divided on what
to do, and neither Clinton nor Secretary of State Christopher pressed
for action. Instead of lifting the embargo, the five wagged their
fingers once more.
Now, unless the Bosnian Serbs unexpectedly accept the plan, the issue
will move to the Security Council. Britain and France will resist
lifting the embargo. But confronted with a strong administration
position, backed by congressional threats of unilateral
sanction-busting, they might go along. Russia will also resist. But
Moscow is now exasperated with the Bosnian Serbs' duplicity and
recalcitrance. It could agree to lift the embargo, especially if the
council could also grant sanction relief to Serbia -- possible if
Belgrade makes good on its recently announced cutoff of its Bosnian
cousins.
The Clinton administration now has every reason to argue powerfully for
lifting the arms embargo in the Security Council. May it at last be up
to the task.
