EDITORS: LONDON (BC-AP Sports Digest,0593) Italian league leader
Juventus travels to Milan to host its UEFA Cup semifinal first leg game
against Borussia Dortmund while AC Parma goes to Bayer Leverkusen in
the other Italy vs. Germany confrontation. Slug Sports-Soccer-European
Roundup. Expected by 2230 GMT ALSO: --MILAN, Italy --
Sports-Soccer-Juventus-Dortmund. Expected by 2200 GMT --LEVERKUSEN,
Germany -- Sports-Soccer-Leverkusen-Parma. Expected by 2100 GMT LONDON
-- Blackburn can extend its lead over Manchester United in the English
standings to eight points by winning at Queens Park Rangers Tuesday.
Slug Sports-Soccer-British Roundup. Expected by 2200 GMT AMELIA ISLAND,
Florida -- Ann Grossman and Anna Shashnova are upset on the opening day
of the Bausch and Lomb Championships, a tournament hit by the
withdrawal of some of the world's top players. Slug
Sports-Tennis-Bausch and Lomb. Has moved. AMELIA ISLAND, Florida --
Players and executives on the women's tennis tour are confused and
indignant after the man convicted of stabbing Monica Seles avoids jail
again. Slug Sports-Tennis-Seles Trial. Has moved. -- LISBON, Portugal
-- Sports-Tennis-Estoril Open. -- JOHANNESBURG, South Africa --
Sports-Tennis-South African Open. MONTE CARLO, Monaco -- In the not so
distant future, Olympic medals could be won not only on the track, in
the pool or on the court -- but on the dance floor. Slug
Sports-Olympics-IOC Meetings. Has moved. By Stephen Wilson. SYDNEY,
Australia -- Around 20 players from the former world club champion
Brisbane Broncos have signed to play in the new ``Super League'' rugby
league competition being put together by media magnate Rupert Murdoch.
Slug Sports-Rugby League-Super League. Has moved. NEW YORK -- U.S.
Major League Baseball players and team owners sign an agreement that
called for a schedule of at least 144 games in 1995 and the start of
spring training this week. Slug Sports-Baseball-US-Labor. Has moved. By
Ronald Blum. ALEXANDRIA, Virginia -- Bo Jackson, once a star in both
the NFL and major league baseball, says he has retired from baseball.
Slug Sports-Baseball-Jackson Retires. Has moved. SEATTLE -- With its
starting point guard on the bench and its greatest coach in the stands,
UCLA wins its first national championship in 20 years and keeps
Arkansas from joining the select list of repeaters. Slug
Sports-Basketball-US College Championship. Has moved. By Basketball
Writer Jim O'Connell. LOS ANGELES -- Police fired rubber bullets into a
screaming crowd and pushed back rowdy fans with batons Monday night
following UCLA's first NCAA basketball championship in 20 years. Slug
Sports-Basketball-NCAA-UCLA Celebration. Has moved. By Constance
Sommer. ALSO:
