WASHINGTON: US Defense Secretary William Perry accused North Korea of
"provocative political action" by sending heavily armed troops into its
buffer zone with South Korea. Other governments, including Japan and North
Korea's longtime ally Moscow, also condemned the drills and urged Pyongyang
to exercise restraint. The 37,000 US troops in South Korea remained on a
higher watch status after North Korea sent some 150 troops armed with
machine guns and mortars into a sensitive area around the North-South
buffer zone on Sunday for a third straight day, the Pentagon said.  BOGOTA:
Colombia's President Ernesto Samper got a huge reprieve as the
investigation into whether he knowingly took drug money to help bankroll
his 1994 campaign was frozen by a separate ethics morass.  Twelve of the 15
members of the congressional accusations panel probing whether Samper
knowingly took at least six million dollars for the campaign from the Cali
drugs cartel were suspended from the case after their three remaining panel
colleagues charged they should have refused to serve on the panel due to
alleged conflicts of interest. Now the probe of the charges against Samper
only can resume once the full lower house of Congress has made a decision
on the removal from the case of the 12 investigating lawmakers.
WASHINGTON: Defense Secretary William Perry lashed out at Libya again,
calling it "truly a pariah nation" that threatened the peace and stability
of the entire region.  The defense secretary cited Libya's refusal to hand
over two Libyan suspects in the 1988 bombing of a Pan Am jumbo jet over
Lockerbie, Scotland and its construction of what Washington insists is a
chemical weapons plant. "They are building a factory to produce nerve gas
and other chemical weapons while the rest of the world are trying to get
rid of their chemical weapons," said Perry. "They are truly a pariah
nation," he said. "They threaten the peace and stability of the whole
region."  ANKARA: Turkey launched a major military campaign against
separatist Kurds in the southeast after several months of relative calm,
killing at least 90 rebels in just one area, officials said. A total of 117
people, including 90 rebels and 27 government troops have died in the
fighting between security forces and the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party
(PKK) since Friday, an official statement said.  MORE 090403
