JERUSALEM Israeli warplanes raided south Lebanon Sunday morning after
several Israeli soldiers were wounded in a roadside bomb attack in an
Israeli-occupied disputed border area. The Israeli gunships fired missiles
at suspected targets of the Lebanese Hezbollah group in the Shebaa Farms
along the border between Israel, Lebanon and Syria. Meanwhile, Israeli
troops exchanged fire with Hezbollah, or Party of God, guerrillas along the
border. (Israel-Lebanon-Raid) - - - - CAIRO -- Israeli Prime Minister Ehud
Barak's security advisor Danny Yatom arrived here Sunday morning for talks
with President Hosni Mubarak on ending the violence in the Palestinian
territories and improving dialogue between Israel and Egypt. As Barak's
special envoy, Yatom was expected to brief Mubarak about Israel's viewpoint
towards the latest developments in the occupied Palestinian lands, the
official Middle East News Agency reported. (Egypt-Israel-Relations) - - - -
JERUSALEM -- Israel's tourism industry is estimated to lose 700 million
U.S. dollars in the final quarter of this year due to the ongoing bloody
clashes between Israeli security forces and the Palestinians, a report said
on Sunday.  The report on tourist arrivals in October published by Israel's
Central Bureau of Statistics showed that in October, only 128,400 tourists
arrived in Israel, a 38 percent drop from the same period of last year.
(Israel-Tourism-Loss) - - - - JERUSALEM -- An Israeli soldier died on
Sunday of wounds sustained in a roadside bombing in the disputed Shebaa
Farms, near the border with Lebanon, security sources said. The Lebanese
Hezbollah guerrilla group has claimed responsibility for the bomb
attack. Sergeant Major Halil Taher, 27, became the first Israeli soldier
killed by the Muslim resistance force since Israel withdrew its troops from
south Lebanon in May, ending 22-year occupation.  (Israel-Lebanon-Toll) - -
- - CAIRO -- Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak held talks on Sunday with
Jordan's King Abdullah II on ways to halt the escalating
Palestinian-Israeli clashes, Egypt's official Middle East News Agency
reported. The Jordanian monarch, who has wrapped up his brief visit to
Egypt, discussed with Mubarak joint Jordanian-Egyptian moves to put an end
to Israel's attacks on the Palestinians, said the
report. (Egypt-Jordan-Mideast) - - - - BAGHDAD -- Iraqi Vice President Taha
Yassin Ramadan flew to India on Sunday, becoming the highest ranking Iraqi
official to travel abroad by plane since 1990. Ramadan said before
departure that his visit is expected to boost the relations with India in
various fields and that the two countries will sign an agreement on trade,
science and culture, the official Iraqi News Agency (INA)
reported. (Iraq-India-Visit)
