President Jiang Zemin told visiting US Vice-President Al Gore here
yesterday that healthy and stable Sino-US relations toward the 21st century
should be based on three principles: adherence to common interests,
farsightedness, and a proper handling of the Taiwan issue. "In the new
situation, the need for the two countries to maintain and expand
cooperation is not dwindling, but is growing continuously," Jiang said. In
particular, there exist very great, cooperative potentials to jointly
safeguard global and regional peace, develop bilateral economic and trade
ties, and promote the growth and prosperity of the world economy, he said.
"Xinhua Daily Telegraph" -- The development of traditional Chinese art
should be further enhanced, said President Jiang Zemin, who visited
yesterday evening an exhibition of the late Chinese painter Pan Tianshou at
the China Art Gallery. Jiang spoke highly of the national characteristics
reflected in the works. He expressed the hope that the art workers
throughout the country will also learn from other nations' cultural
heritages, to further promote China's art undertakings. -- Chinese
President Jiang Zemin expressed the hope yesterday that Chinese-Americans
and the Chinese living in the US will contribute to the growth of the
Sino-US relations and the smooth return of Hong Kong.  During a meeting
with the delegation of prominent Chinese-Americans marking Hong Kong's
return to the embrace of the motherland yesterday, Jiang described China's
resumption of sovereignty over Hong Kong on July 1 as the beginning of a
new era for Hong Kong. Jiang hoped Chinese-Americans and the Chinese living
in the US will continue to work for China's construction and
reunification. "China Daily" -- China and 10 other Asian nations and
regions have signed a contract for the construction of an ocean-bed phone
and telecommunications link with Western Europe. The cable will be brought
into use in 1999, greatly improving international telecommunications
facilities between the two continents, according to China's Ministry of
Posts and Telecommunications. This 38,000-kilometer-long cable, the longest
in the world, will start in Japan and run through China, Southeast Asia,
the Indian Ocean, Middle East to Western Europe. -- Starting from April 1,
China's express passenger trains on major railways will run at a peak speed
of 120 kilometers per hour. The train ticket fares, however, will not rise.
