U.S. Inspires World With Attempt At Democratic Election
Observers from around the world report that they were inspired and moved by
America's most recent attempt to hold a public election in accordance with
the standards of a democratic republic.
"After all of the recriminations, infighting, and general madness
before the election, the people of this fractured nation still found
the courage to show up at the polls," said Anas Salman, an Afghan U.N.
official who was in New York during the American electoral experiment.
"More than half of America's citizens--a large portion of them
women--made a valiant attempt to choose their own leader, even though
there was no guarantee their votes would be counted. It was truly
inspirational."
In the weeks leading up to the election, both of America's political
parties alleged fraud in voter registration. Additionally, experts
debated the reliability of electronic voting machines, which
experienced problems in trial runs and leave no paper trail. Election
officials also bemoaned many states' use of outdated punchcard
machines.
Considering such disputes, Salman said he was "touched and gladdened"
that voter turnout for the U.S. election nearly approached
voter-turnout rates for Afghanistan's first popular elections in
October, when 69 percent of citizens cast ballots.
"True, voter turnout in many parts of the world tops 90 percent,"
Salman said. "But it's understandable that the rate is lower in
countries such as Afghanistan, where the government has raised fears of
possible terrorist attacks at the polls. Our people showed great
courage."
The last American presidential election, held in 2000, was also rife
with problems. Myriad scandals arose concerning alleged fraud and
ballot tampering. Although the Democratic candidate won the popular
vote by a margin of half a million votes, the Republican candidate won
the presidency with a strenuously disputed 537-vote lead in Florida, a
state governed by his brother.
"Despite the specter of corruption in 2000, and even though the
procedural problems which surfaced during the previous election were
never remedied, the American people chose to put their faith in the
system once again this year," said Joseph Mtume, a Kenyan diplomat who
traveled to Ohio to view America's democratic proceedings. "You can't
help but feel touched by the determination of these citizens who put
their doubts aside to collectively participate in the democratic
process. All this in a nation divided by war, where dissent is
widespread and the rift between citizens has rarely been higher. It was
truly stirring."
Carlos Cruz, an Argentinian diplomat who observed the election in
Miami, said he was profoundly moved by America's democratic election.
"With my own eyes, I saw people from all walks of life waiting in long
lines to cast their votes, and very few of them were turned away," Cruz
said. "They believed in the democratic process, despite the existence
of racial gerrymandering of the sort most recently seen in the
redistricting of U.S. House seats to negate the impact of Hispanic and
black voters in Texas."
Cruz said he was impressed that average citizens still participate in
the "current money-dominated electoral process," even though
legislators have largely ignored their repeated calls for campaign
finance reform.
"Their wide-eyed earnestness was humbling," Cruz said. "Truly, my heart
leaps up. I can only hope that, under such demoralizing circumstances,
my countrymen would similarly rise together to try and make democracy
work."
The multinational watchdog group Organization for Security and
Cooperation sent 600 official observers to monitor proceedings, from
countries as disparate as North Korea, Syria, and China. Many reported
that they came away deeply touched.
"To see a country with such overwhelming problems--problems that affect
every last citizen--have so many of its voters feel that they can still
influence their leadership... words fail me," said Dae Jung Kim, a
North Korean OSC delegate. "Certainly, my report to my own government
will emphasize this. I will recommend that my leaders implement such
American election-time strategies and tactics as would fit the North
Korean model of personal freedom, such as their elegant Electoral
College and the inscrutable voting machine."
