Afghan-hajj KABUL: Senior security officials of the Afghan interim
administration assassinated aviation and tourism minister Abdul Rahman,
interim leader Hamid Karzai said. Mideast JERUSALEM: The Israeli army,
stung by the first-ever destruction of a crack battle tank by the
Palestinians, suffered a new setback when the commander of an elite
unit was killed in the West Bank. Mideast-Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank;
Hundreds of angry Palestinians hurled stones at the offices here of
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat, demanding an end to "repression" and
the release of prisoners, an AFP photographer witnessed.
Warcrimes-Bosnia-Ponte BANJA LUKA, Bosnia-Hercegovina: Carle Del Ponte,
leading the prosecution in the trial of Slobodan Milosevic in The
Hague, lashed out at Bosnian Serb leaders here and urged them to arrest
other war crimes suspects who she says still reside in the Serb-run
half of Bosnia. US-Pakistan-journalist KARACHI: The self-confessed
mastermind of US journalist Daniel Pearl's abduction, British-born
militant Sheikh Omar, has identified a key "go-between" in the
kidnapping, a chief investigator said. Afghan-unrest KABUL: Between 15
and 20 Afghans and three foreign troops were injured as angry mobs
brawled outside Kabul's football stadium during a match between Kabul
United and a team of international soldiers, an official said.
Mauritius-resign PORT LOUIS: President Cassam Uteem of Mauritius, whose
post is largely honorary, tendered his resignation, national radio
reported. Austria-Iraq-Haider VIENNA: Austrian far-right strongman
Joerg Haider could face jail after taking medical equipment to
sanctions-hit Iraq during his visit this week, a government spokeswoman
said. Russia-justice MOSCOW: Russia's long-running debate about the
death penalty heated up as parliament fired a warning shot at
abolitionist President Vladimir Putin, urging him to end a moratorium
on executions. Cambodia-KRouge PHNOM PENH: A former Khmer Rouge
commander cited as a potential candidate to stand trial for crimes
against humanity committed under Pol Pot's leadership in Cambodia has
died, officials said. afp/
