PARIS: France and Britain rush to put in
place a rapid reaction force to strengthen the hand of their
peackeepers in Bosnia, but their views on what such a force can and
should do remain very different. Yugo-Bosnia-analysis 600 words around
1200 GMT by Jacques Charmelot SARAJEVO: Bosnian Serbs take more UN
peacekeepers hostage in open defiance of western nations actively
plotting how to beef up their military forces in the country.
Yugo-Bosnia,roundup 650 words around 1130 GMT by Christian Millet
PARIS: President Jacques Chirac, tackling his first foreign policy
crisis, upsets France's top military brass with his hardline approach
to Paris's role in Bosnia. Yugo-Bosnia-France 500 words around 1100 GMT
by Geoffrey Varley HEBRON, West Bank: Besieging Israeli troops blast a
HAMAS hideout with anti-tank rockets in the West Bank town of Hebron,
killing at least one militant, Palestinian radio says.
Israel-unrest,3rdlead 450 words around 1200 GMT KIEV: Ukrainian
President Leonid Kuchma offers a new compromise after deputies veto his
plan to hold a referendum in which Ukrainians would be asked if they
had confidence in him or parliament. Ukraine-politics 500 words around
1100 GMT MESSINA, Italy:EU foreign ministers meet to mark the 40th
anniversary of the meeting that paved the way for Europe's single
market. EU 500 words around 1400 GMT by Angus MacKinnon BEIJING: China
allows factories that had been closed under US pressure because of
compact-disc piracy to reopen. China-copyright,lead 500 words around
1200 GMT by Gilles Campion COLOMBO: Elite army commandos join a major
jungle offensive against the Tamil Tiger guerrillas as both sides say
they have inflicted heavy casualties, in the bloodiest fighting in six
weeks. SriLanka-Tamil,lead 600 words around 1145 GMT by Amal Jayasinghe
