Sketches of Leading Contenders For Power in Post-Yeltsin Russia
Brief sketches of leading contenders for power in a post-Yeltsin
Russia: ------
POLITICAL INSIDERS: --Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin, 56. Appointed
prime minister in December 1992, former director of the Soviet Union's
huge natural gas industry. Pragmatic centrist to supporters;
Soviet-style manager with little taste for reforms to opponents. Lacks
charisma, but is generally considered most powerful man in Russia
behind President Boris Yeltsin. --Yegor Gaidar, 38. Economist, former
prime minister and parliament deputy well-known and liked in the West.
Blamed by many Russians for the economic turmoil and pain unleashed by
reforms he championed in 1992. Considered a poor public speaker and
campaigner. --Grigory Yavlinsky, 42. Economist and parliament deputy.
Like Gaidar, fluent in English, but considered more dynamic. Polls show
him to be Russia's most trusted politician, but there is little
enthusiasm for him. ------
OUTSIDERS: --Vladimir Zhirinovsky, 48. Flamboyant ultranationalist
leader who thrilled voters during the December 1993 parliamentary
elections. But since then his popularity has slumped. Still hopes to
capitalize on voter discontent with mainstream candidates. --Alexander
Rutskoi, 47. Former Russian vice president, combat pilot and Soviet
major general who served in Afghanistan. Jailed in October 1993 after
hard-line clash with Yeltsin. Plans to run for president but has little
support. --Gennady Zyuganov, 50. Leader of revived Communist Party
faction in parliament. Zyuganov consistently rates far below democratic
politicians in popularity polls. ------
DARK HORSE: --Gen. Alexander Lebed, 44. Paratrooper, Afghan veteran and
commander of Russia's 14th Army in Moldova. Defended Yeltsin during
1991 Soviet coup but has increasingly criticized the president in
recent months. Is a hero within the army for giving voice to soldiers'
complaints, and openly covets Defense Minister Pavel Grachev's job.
Denies having plans for presidency.
