COPENHAGEN, Denmark -- Ready to commit their signatures but not yet their
wallets, leaders from around the world gather Sunday to sign a document on
fighting poverty.  Speakers at the U.N. summit Saturday agreed that poverty
and unemployment threaten political stability. They used eloquent phrases
to summon up the misery of poverty. But several also placed thinly
disguised blame on one another, and many bristled at the United States and
other rich nations for refusing to pay more to help the Third World. ``We
move from one major conference to another, pronouncing with lofty
intentions global action programs, but we never ... make available the
means of implementation,'' said Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir bin
Mohamad. BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Iraq opened its first international oil
conference since the Gulf War on Saturday with an appeal for the lifting of
U.N. sanctions that have crippled its economy. Oil Minister Safa Jawad
al-Haboubi told more than 120 oil company officials and industry experts
attending the meeting that Iraq was gaining ``very noticeable'' support for
ending the embargo. The two-day conference comes on the eve of a
U.N. Security Council session Monday that is expected to vote to continue
the Iraqi oil embargo, imposed after Saddam Hussein's 1990 invasion of
Kuwait. SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina -- The U.N. aid airlift to Sarajevo
was suspended Saturday after a bullet hit a Red Cross plane, and the
Bosnian Serbs closed roads into the besieged city after a sniper killed two
Serb girls. The airlift of food and medicine was to resume Sunday.  But the
Serb news agency, which reported Serb leader Radovan Karadzic's order to
close roads out of the city, didn't say when they would reopen. The Serb
girls, aged 9 and 11, were killed near the Grbavica stadium in a Serb-held
section of the capital, said U.N. spokeswoman Capt. Myrian Socachy. ``Both
of them were killed by small-arm shots in the head,'' she said. MEXICO CITY
-- Business and labor leaders have rejected President Ernesto Zedillo's
painful prescription for Mexico's ailing economy despite his insistence
that their help is needed. ``We Mexicans share real worries about the
economic crisis facing our country. We know that our problems have to be
faced with realism -- without fantasies or false hopes,'' Zedillo told
members of the Mexican Employer's Confederation late Friday. The plan,
announced Thursday, doesn't require the approval of business and labor. But
in the past, the government has always secured the approval of both sectors
before announcing such measures. KABUL, Afghanistan -- Government forces
using rockets, artillery and fighter jets pounded Kabul's southern suburbs
Saturday in a fresh assault aimed at dislodging rival Islamic
forces. Health workers said they feared many casualties because both sides
of the frontline was heavily populated.  Government-controlled Radio Kabul,
monitored in Islamabad, Pakistan, said dozens of people were killed or
injured.
