CAIRO: The main Egyptian militant group Jamaa Islamiyya claims a second
attack against a train in southern Egypt, which caused three injuries,
including two tourists. Egypt-unrest,2ndlead 600 words around 1200 GMT
TOKYO: Relations between Japan and South Korea plummet to a lowpoint in
the runup to the APEC summit in Osaka, as Seoul rejects a visit by
Japanese Foreign Minister Yohei Kono, seeking to mend fences over new
controversial remarks about Japan's colonial rule over Korea.
Japan-war,4thlead 700 words by 1230 GMT by Shingo Ito COLOMBO:
Thousands of Sri Lankan troops resume a major offensive against the
Tamil Tigers' rebel stronghold of Jaffna in the country's north, ending
a week-long lull in fighting, military officials said.
SriLanka-Tamil,4thlead 650 words moved BANGKOK: A ferry carrying around
180 people, mainly foreign tourists, capsizes in the Gulf of Thailand
but all but two are plucked to safety. Thailand-capsize,3rdlead 500
words around 1100 GMT HANOI: The Vietnamese government agrees to host
an unprecedented conference on the causes and errors of the Vietnam War
next year, in a decision announced during a visit to Hanoi by former US
defense secretary Robert McNamara. Vietnam-McNamara,lead 550 words
moved BEIJING: China and the United States end trade talks, with US
Deputy Trade Representative Charlene Barshefsky denying Chinese reports
that Washington has softened its demands on Beijing's WTO entry.
China-US,lead 600 words around 1215 GMT by Tiffany Bown
