BEIJING: China and the United States stepped back from the brink of a
damaging trade war over copyright piracy, with the two sides renewing
contacts to consider the resumption of talks next week. The renewed
contacts come two days after Washington and Beijing announced tit-for-tat
trade reprisals to take affect on February 26 if no agreement on
intellectual property rights (IPR) protection was reached. "The two sides
are having contacts on this issue," said Ministry of Foreign Trade and
Economic Cooperation spokesman Zhu Mincai. The US embassy announced that
China contacted the mission to accept Washington's invitation to relaunch
talks.  WASHINGTON: President Bill Clinton proposed to Congress a 1.61
trillion dollar 1996 budget that includes a moderate middle-class tax cut
financed mainly by streamlining nearly 500 programs. Clinton's budget would
produce a deficit of 196.7 billion dollars for the fiscal year which begins
next October 1. That is a slight rise from the estimated 192.5 billion
dollar shortfall this year. In his budget, Clinton said he is seeking "to
spread the benefits of our economic recovery to more Americans and give
them the tools to build a brighter future for themselves."  WARSAW:
President Lech Walesa declared that he would dissolve Poland's parliament
and call new elections unless he obtained the resignation of Prime Minister
Waldemar Pawlak and his government.  Walesa, who demanded the changes "for
the good of Poland," issued the ultimatum in a stormy meeting with the
leaders of all parliamentary groups. "I am expecting a change of government
as quickly as possible," the president said. "Either you make the change
or, if you don't want to do it, I will dissolve the parliament."  SARAJEVO:
Hundreds of exuberant, war-weary Sarajevans streamed out of the city across
a newly reopened road offering them an escape from months of economic and
psychological isolation. The route south across the airport linking
Sarajevo with the rest of government-held Bosnia reopened to civilian
traffic thanks to a UN-brokered agreement hammered out between authorities
here and rebel Serb officials.  GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip: Palestinian gunmen
shot dead an Israeli guard and seriously wounded another inside the
self-rule Gaza Strip, prompting a swift condemnation from PLO leader Yasser
Arafat. The armed civilian guards were in a car escorting a petrol tanker
lorry when they were cut down by automatic weapons fire near the Nahal Oz
crossing on the eastern side of the Strip. In an anonymous telephone call
to AFP, the military wing of the Democratic Front for the Liberation of
Palestine claimed responsibility for the shooting.  MOSCOW: Russian troops
punched into the Oktyabrski district in southeast Grozny, claiming to have
crushed Chechen separatist resistance, ITAR-TASS reported. The agency
quoted the defence ministry press service at Mozdok, the Russian base in
North Ossetia. Defence Minister Pavel Grachev, cited by the Interfax
agency, told officials at his ministry that Russian forces had "entirely
taken the last point" in Grozny held by the Chechen separatists and
"blocked off the city to the south." The report could not immediately be
verified.  KABUL: Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani's party acknowledged
it had lost the strategic city of Kunduz, but said it fell after heavy
fighting, contrary to opposition claims of defections by
commanders. Defense ministry spokesman Abdullah said the northern
provincial capital fell to the coalition forces of Gulbuddin Hekmatyar's
Hezb-i-Islami and Uzbek leader General Abdul Rashid Dostam on Sunday in an
attack backed up by "heavy bombardment."  BANGKOK: Ethnic Karen rebels,
routed from their mountain headquarters last month, said they had returned
to Burma to continue fighting, while Thai border units began repatriating
refugees to areas they said were now safe. In a seven-page statement, the
Karen National Union (KNU) said its military leader, General Bo Mya, had
set up a temporary headquarters in "Karen-held territory elsewhere inside
Burma." He and other senior KNU officials would continue to battle
Rangoon's attempts to "bulldoze the KNU into submission," it said.
