WASHINGTON: Administration officials are hopeful that bi-partisan
cooperation pushing the GATT agreement through Congress can be repeated
in foreign affairs, but differences over Bosnia indicate otherwise.
US-politics 600 words around 1830 GMT by Christian Chaise LONDON:
Britain announces it will open exploratory Northern Ireland peace talks
with the Sinn Fein political wing of the Irish Republican Army next
Wednesday, the first in the 25-year sectarian conflict.
NIreland-Britain,2ndlead 450 words moved MEXICO CITY: Ernesto Zedillo,
a stalwart of the party which has ruled Mexico for 65 years, is sworn
in as Mexico's president at a time when the party is torn by conflict
and the threat of rebel violence simmers in the south. Mexico
Mexico-politics,2ndlead. Picture 600 words around 1800 GMT by Noel
Lorthiois WASHINGTON: President Bill Clinton underlines US involvement
in Ireland by appointing top Democrat George Mitchell as his special
advisor for economic initiatives in the country. US-Ireland,4thlead 500
words around 1645 GMT by Gretchen Cook NABLUS, West Bank: Israel wraps
up the transfer of limited civilian powers to the Palestinians with the
handover of responsibility for health and taxation on the West Bank.
Mideast-autonomy,2ndlead, 500 words moved ROME: Italian Prime Minister
Silvio Berlusconi averts a general strike with a compromise deal with
unions over a controversial plan to cut state pensions.
Italy-politics,lead 600 words moved ALGIERS: An Islamic extremist group
kills two Algerian journalists and three other civilians in Boufarik,
south of the capital bringing the number of media casualties of the
fundamentalist campaign to 23. Algeria-violence 600 words around 1630
GMT by Boubker Belkadi
