WASHINGTON: Two men were arrested and charged with attempting to bomb a
federal building in Reno, Nevada, 10 days ago, the Federal Bureau of
Investigation announced. Ellis Hurst, 52, and Joseph Bailie, 40, are to be
charged with attempted destruction of a government building and use of a
destructive device when they appear in court later in the day. The FBI said
the bomb was found on December 18 outside the Internal Revenue Service in
downtown Reno. The fuse had been lit on the bomb contained in a 30-gallon
drum, but it went out before the device could explode in the parking lot of
the building. (US-bomb) WASHINGTON: President Bill Clinton announced the
suspension of sanctions against Serbia and Montenegro imposed in compliance
with a UN resolution in 1992. In a letter to Congress issued by the White
House, Clinton said he also ordered the suspension of the 1991 arms embargo
against the former Yugoslavia in stages laid out by the Security Council
resolution. A US official said on condition of anonymity that the move was
simply action required by the United States to participate in the
suspension of sanctions approved by the Security Council after the Dayton
peace agreement was signed November 21. He noted that the move was a
suspension and not a complete lifting of the sanctions. (Yugo-US-sanctions)
BAHIA BLANCA, Argentina: An escape attempt by 14 prisoners at a prison here
erupted into a riot involving 457 inmates in which 10 guards were taken
hostage. The last of the prisoners surrendered early in the day after the
uprising in the Bahia Blanca prison south of Buenos Aires, prison officials
said. The incident began late Wednesday when eight prisoners described as
extremely dangerous escaped. Six others began to riot when guards thwarted
their escape attempt, prison officials said. The eight were later
recaptured, officials said. (Argentina-prison) BOGOTA: Pilots scrambled to
avoid the crash of a Boeing 757 that killed 160 people in Colombia's
mountains last week but the plane's wing flaps were locked in descent mode,
the Civil Aviation agency said. A statement detailing the flight recorder's
last seconds of the American Airlines flight quotes desperate orders
shouted by the pilots just before the jet slammed into Mount San Jose on
December 20. Flight data showed that nine seconds before impact the pilots
attempted to bring the nose of the plane back up after an alarm signalled
it was flying too low. But the maneuver failed because the wing flaps,
which had been put into the descent position for landing, were locked into
place and the pilots were unable to move them. Meanwhile, a Colombian
senator claimed the crash would have been averted if a radar covering the
region, dynamited in 1990 by leftist rebels, had been
replaced. (Colombia-plane) more
