Weather Summary For Puerto Rico And The U.S. Virgin Islands: Clear to
partly cloudy skies prevailed across the local area this morning.
Widely scattered showers were observed by radar across the coastal
waters...Affecting mainly the virgin islands and extreme eastern
sections of Puerto Rico. Clearing skies this morning were due to the
presence of an upper level trough strengthening across the central
caribbean. The upper level disturbance affecting Puerto Rico Saturday
has moved southeastward into the Eastern Caribbean with drier air aloft
behind it. However...Another smaller and weaker disturbance is now
moving into the Virgin Islands from the northeast...And is expected to
enhace afternoon showers across our area. Isolated moderate to strong
thunderstorms should develop late this afternoon...But mainly across
western and interior Puerto Rico. Winds across the northeast Caribbean
have decreased a bit over the past 24 hours with coastal seas
decreasing in turn. Stiff trade winds continue today across the east
and central Caribbean...With associated rough seas extending into our
south and southwest coastal waters. Small craft should exercise caution
there. San Juan and vicinity forecast: This afternoon...Partly cloudy
with increasing cloudiness inland. A 30 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. High 85 to 90. Wind east near 15 mph...Gusty along the
coast. Tonight...Variable cloudiness with a 40 percent chance of
showers and thunderstorms. Low 70 to 75. Wind east 5 to 10 mph.
Monday...Partly sunny with a 40 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. High 85 to 90. Wind east near 15 mph. North sections
Puerto Rico: This afternoon...Partly cloudy with increasing clouiness
inland. A 30 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. High 85 to
90. Wind east near 15 mph...Gusty along the coast. Tonight...Variable
cloudiness with a 40 percent chance of showers and possible
thunderstorms. Low 70 to 75. Wind east 5 to 10 mph. Monday...Partly
sunny. A 40 percent chance of showers and possible thunderstorms. High
85 to 90. Wind east near 15 mph. East sections of Puerto Rico: This
afternoon...Partly sunny with a 40 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. High 80 to 90. Wind east 10 to 20 mph.
Tonight...Variable cloudiness with a 40 percent chance of showers.
Possible thunderstorms. Low 70 to 75. Wind east 5 to 10 mph.
Monday...Partly sunny. A 40 percent chance of showers. Possible
thunderstorms. High 85 to 90. Wind east 10 to 15 mph. Ponce and the
south sections of Puerto Rico: This afternoon....Partly cloudy with
increasing cloudiness western interior. A 30 percent chance of showers
and thunderstorms. High 85 to 95. Wind southeast 10 to 20 mph.
Tonight...Variable cloudiness with a 40 percent chance of showers.
Possible thunderstorms. Low 65 to 75. Wind east near 10 mph.
Monday...Partly sunny. A 40 percent chance of showers. Possible
thunderstorms. High 85 to 90. Wind southeast 10 to 20 mph. Mayaguez and
west sections Puerto Rico: This afternoon...Partly cloudy. Becoming
mostly cloudy late with a 50 percent chance of showers and
thunderstorms. High 85 to 90. Wind east 10 to 20 mph except variable
along the west coast. Tonight...Variable cloudiness with a 40 percent
chance of showers and thunderstorms. Low 70 to 75. Wind light east.
Monday...Partly sunny with increasing afternoon cloudiness. A 40
percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. High 85 to 90. Wind east
10 to 20 mph except variable along the coast in the afternoon. Interior
sections of Puerto Rico: This afternoon...Partly sunny with increasing
cloudiness west half. A 40 percent chance of showers or
thunderstorms...Mainly west. High 75 mountians to near 90 eastern
valleys. Wind east 10 to 20 mph. Tonight...Variable cloudiness with a
40 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. Low 60 to 70. Wind east
5 to 10 mph. Monday...Partly sunny morning. Increasing afternoon
cloudiness. A 40 percent chance of showers and thunderstorms. High 75
to 85. Wind east 10 to 15 mph. St. Thomas, St. John, and adjacent
islands, St. Croix: This afternoon...Partly sunny with a 50 percent
chance of showers and thunderstorms. High around 90. Wind east 15 mph.
Tonight...Variable cloudiness with a 40 percent chance of showers.
Possible thunderstorms. Low around 75. Wind east 5 to 10 mph.
Monday...Partly sunny. A 40 percent chance of showers. Possible
cbhowers. Possible thunderstorms. High 90 to 95. Wind east 10 to 15
mph. Coastal waters forecast: Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin Islands
coastal waters out to 20 nm: Synopsis...High pres ridge dominating most
of central atlc westward to the Bahamas will weaken through mon as t.S.
Allison moves n into ne gulf of mexico. Puerto Rico and U.S. Virgin
islands coastal waters: Small craft should exercise caution Caribbean
waters... This afternoon...Caribbean waters and mona pass wind e to se
15 to 20 knots. Seas 5 to 6 ft. Atlc waters wind e 15 kts. Seas 3 ft.
Scattered showers and isolated tstms. Tonight...Wind e 15 kts. Seas
decreasing to 3 to 5 ft. Scattered showers and isolated tstms.
Mon...Wind e near 15 kts. Seas 3 to 5 ft. Scattered showers and
isolated tstms. Outlook for Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands:
Tue through Thu...Wind e around 10 to 15 kts.
