Secretary Of State Returns From 'Fucking Incredible' Diplomatic Trip To
Ireland
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright returned to the U.S. Monday following
a four-day diplomatic visit to Ireland she categorized as "fucking
incredible."
"I had the most amazing time in Ireland," said Albright, who was there
to meet with Prime Minister Bertie Ahern regarding a possible amendment
to 1998's Good Friday Accord that would give the Republic a greater
voice in Northern Irish affairs. "Everywhere you go, there are these
terrific little local pubs and quaint cottages and really old, narrow
cobblestone streets. I swear, it feels like you're in a movie."
Albright described her talks with Ahern as "extremely productive" and
her day trip to Carrick-on-Suir in County Tipperary as "so incredibly
cool."
"There's this castle there that's like 800 years old, and it's actually
got a moat surrounding it," Albright said. "You sure don't find stuff
like that back in the U.S."
Albright and Ahern also discussed trade between the two nations. Though
many U.S. economists regard the European Union as a potential threat to
American prosperity, and concern has been voiced over restrictions
Ireland has placed on certain imports, Albright stressed that the
Republic continues to be an excellent target for U.S. investment and
consumer dollars.
"I bought this gorgeous handmade Aran fisherman's sweater at Blarney
Woolen Mills in Kilkenny for a fraction of what I would've paid back in
the States," Albright said. "If you want to save some serious coin,
people, shop for Irish stuff in Ireland."
Albright also spent half a day meeting with Protestant and Catholic
leaders in Northern Ireland. After laying a commemorative wreath in the
town square of Omagh--site of the IRA bomb attack that killed 29 people
last summer--the Secretary of State drove a rented Mini to the famed
Giants' Causeway, a long shoreline of perfectly symmetrical, hexagonal
volcanic rocks she said "weirded me out completely."
The visit to the Causeway was nearly ruined by an unexpected crisis,
but Albright was able to broker an 11th-hour deal to save the
situation. "I really wanted a picture of me at the Causeway, but stupid
me left the camera at the hotel. Fortunately, this London Times guy
happened to be there covering my visit. He promised he'd send me
doubles of some of his shots if I mailed him a bunch of Butterfingers,
which I guess you can't get in England. I was like, 'Definitely!'"
Before leaving the North, Albright met with Sinn Fein leader Gerry
Adams, who invited her for a pint at a "too cool" little pub in
Belfast. According to Albright, the pub was owned and run by a
heavy-set, chain-smoking, 68-year-old woman named Molly who "didn't
take crap from anybody. I loved her to death. The whole time, I was
like, 'You go, girl!' I won't forget her any time soon, that's for
sure."
Albright concluded her visit with an address before the Oireachtas, the
Irish parliament. In the speech, Albright pledged the U.S.'s full
support in the ongoing Northern Irish peace process and expressed pride
over "the deep and lasting friendship between our two nations." The
speech concluded at 1 p.m., leaving the Secretary of State several
hours to explore Dublin before having to catch a flight back to
Washington.
"Dublin is so amazingly cool--me and [Irish president] Mary [McAleese]
went shopping on Grafton Street, and we saw the Ha'penny Bridge and the
mummified bog guy at the National Museum, which was seriously freaky,"
Albright said. "Then, at like 4 o'clock, we started getting hungry and
we were kind of tired from all the walking, so we stopped at this café
near Trinity College, where we met these two guys from Australia, John
and Tony, who go to the University of Melbourne. They were really cool,
especially Tony. Hopefully, if there's ever a diplomatic crisis in
Australia, I'll get a chance to visit them."
Albright said she will return to Ireland in January 2000, when she is
slated to be a featured guest at a symposium on Ireland's place in the
world stage during the next millennium. During the 2000 visit, she said
she hopes to continue to foster peaceful relations between Catholics
and Protestants in the North, as well as take a side excursion to
Amsterdam with her Eurail pass.
"Though great progress has been made by your people, there is still
much work to be done," Albright told members of parliament. "Terrorism
continues to rear its ugly head. Unemployment is rampant. And the
monastery at Carrickmacross is nearly impossible to get to unless you
rent a car in Mullagh, which is, like, 20 miles away."
"But despite these considerable challenges," Albright continued, "I
wish to stress that I had a completely amazing time here and cannot
wait to come back. And, hey, Ulster Unionist leader David Trimble,
don't think I'm going to forget your promise to show me a wild time in
Ballygowan, you crazy bastard!"
