SARAJEVO: Serb warplanes bombed Bosnian government targets in the Bihac
region in northwest Bosnia, injuring a large number of civilians,
Bosnian radio reported. The raids, which flouted the three year old
UN-imposed no-fly zone over Bosnia-Hercegovina, were supported by
infantry attacks on Bosnian army positions along the front line linking
the towns of Sanski Most, Bosanska Krupa and Kljuc in the same region,
the radio said. Bosnian television also reported Serb attacks further
east around the town of Maglaj, which was shelled through the day. The
television added that Serb forces were continuing to drive Moslems from
Serb-held regions of northern Bosnia.  WASHINGTON: Group of Seven
(G7) finance ministers asked the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and
the World Bank to carry out an urgent assessment of Bosnia's needs for
external financial aid. In a joint statement, the ministers and their
central bank governors "took note of diplomatic efforts to promote a
comprehensive peace settlement in Bosnia." The text said they "urged
the IMF and the World Bank to conduct expeditiously a thorough needs
assessment so that the international community can respond quickly,
flexibly, and on suitable terms, as soon as conditions warrant." 
LISBON: Portuguese authorities began digging up the remains of former
premier Sa Carneiro, killed in a plane crash in 1980, after a an
enquiry into the incident suggested it had been triggered by sabotage.
A parliamentary commission enquiry into the December 4, 1980 crash, in
which defence minister Adelino Amaro da Costa also perished, said in
its conclusion the plane had been targeted by "criminal action." The
reopening of one of the most controversial cases in Portuguese
political history is the latest attempt to try and prove the theory
that the plane, which had just taken off from Lisbon airport, was blown
up. A team of British experts, who examined the remains of the
twin-engine Cessna allegedly found traces of explosives.  CAIRO:
Algeria's Armed Islamic Group (GIA) claimed responsibility for a wave
of bomb attacks against French interests since 1994 in a statement
faxed to a western news agency here. In the typed statement, signed by
Abu Abderrahman Amin, the GIA "emir" (prince), the group vowed to
continue its strikes in revenge for Paris' backing of the Algerian
government "until Islam conquers France." The authenticity of the
statement, dated September 23, could not be confirmed. It was received
a day after a gas cannister blew up in a garbage bin outside the Maison
Blanche metro station in Paris, injuring 13, the seventh terrorist
attack in France since July 25. afp 080359
