Highlights of Major Beijing-Based Newspapers BEIJING, September 5
Highlights of today's major Beijing-based newspapers:
"People's Daily" -- President Jiang Zemin said yesterday that the
two-month-long anti-flood efforts have already achieved decisive
victories. While inspecting the flood-ravaged areas in Jiangxi
Province, President Jiang encouraged local people to make continuous
efforts in the relief work and in rebuilding their homeland. --
Vice-premier Li Lanqing made a telephone call and extended his
greetings to a central-government assigned medical team now doing
cataract operation in Tibet. -- Chen Muhua was elected honorary
chairwoman and Peng Peiyun chairwoman of the All-China Women's
Federation during the first meeting of the eighth executive committee
of the federation. "Xinhua Daily Telegraph" -- The issuance of 100
billion yuan (12.048 billion US dollars) of treasury bonds specially
designed for state-owned commercial banks has been completed. -- The
water levels at the Yangtze and Songhua rivers continue to fall. -- The
Standing Committee of the National People's Congress (NPC), or the
Chinese parliament, is seeking suggestions to the draft Contract Law.
"China Daily" -- Donations of 130 million yuan (15.67 million US
dollars) from wages of the People's Liberation Army (PLA) and the armed
police were delivered in a ceremony held yesterday at the Great Hall of
the People in Beijing. -- The Hong Kong Mountaineering Union Ltd sent a
letter on September 3 to the China Mountaineering Association (CMA),
expressing its gratitude for the CMA's cooperation and care in the
recent search for three missing Hong Kong mountaineers. -- The number
of AIDS patients and virus carriers is increasing in south China's
Guangdong Province.
