SEOUL: Rival South Korean unions put their differences aside to stage joint
rallies against an unpopular new labor law, as political parties inched
towards dialogue to end a month of turmoil. Thailand-protest BANGKOK:
Thousand of Thai farmers staged a protest against falling crop prices and
government actions in land rights disputes and said they were prepared to
camp outside Government House for months. Afghan-fighting KABUL: The
Taliban religious militia claimed to have captured two districts in the
strategic Ghorband valley in northern Afghanistan and that rival soldiers
switched sides. India-Kashmir SRINAGAR, India: India's Republic Day
celebrations went off peacefully in Kashmir for the first time in seven
years, with Moslem separatists failing to carry out their sabotage
threats. SriLanka-vote COLOMBO: Sri Lanka is headed for a crucial local
polls that will be seen as a referendum on the government's radical power
sharing plan aimed at ending ethnic violence. Japan-SKorea-depart BEPPU,
Japan: South Korean President Kim Young-Sam left this southern Japanese
city, wrapping up a two-day informal visit for talks with Prime Minister
Ryutaro Hashimoto.  India-Russia NEW DELHI: Indian External Affairs
Minister Inder Kumar Gujral has put off a five-day trip to Russia which was
to begin Monday.  Australia-holiday SYDNEY: Australians celebrated the
209th anniversary of British settlement but festivities were once again
staged against a backdrop of rising tension between white and indigenous
Australians.  Indonesia-floods JAKARTA: Floods, brought on by heavy rain,
forced thousands of people to evacuate their homes in the Central Java town
of Kendal. India-smoking NEW DELHI: The Indian capital banned smoking in
public places in a sweeping anti-tobacco clampdown in one of the most
polluted cities in the world. afp
