BEIRUT The 113th Arab Foreign Ministers' Conference opened here at 12:08
local time (1008 GMT) on Saturday to show solidarity with Lebanon in
confrontation with Israel. Iraqi Foreign Minister Mohammad Said al-Sahaf,
chairman of the last conference, presided over the opening session and made
a short inaugural speech, saying that the Arab countries should support
Lebanon's resistance movement against Israeli occupation. Then he
transferred the chairmanship to his Omani counterpart Yousef Bin Alawi Bin
Abdullah. All the 22 member states of the Arab League (AL) attended the
two-day meeting at the prime ministry in this mediterranean city.  The AL
decided to hold the meeting in Beirut instead of the bloc's headquarter in
the Egyptian capital of Cairo to show Arab solidarity and the
organization's support to Lebanon against the February 8 Israeli
attacks. Israel launched the punishing raids on Lebanese civilian targets
in retaliation for earlier guerrillas attacks on Israeli occupation troops
in the security zone Israelis carved out in southern Lebanon in
1985. (Lebanon-AL-Meeting) - - - - MOSCOW -- A top Russian military
official said here Saturday that Moscow remains staunchly opposed to NATO
expansion and views it as a threat to national security. The Russian
leadership "has not changed its position regarding NATO's enlargement,"
said Valery Manilov, first deputy chief of the General Staff of the Russian
Armed Forces. "NATO's enlargement to the east envisages moving the bloc's
military component close to Russia's borders and poses a potential threat
to our country," Manilov said. He said Russia would "act toward this threat
with means and methods that are inherent in our national policy and
possibilities, " the Itar-Tass news agency reported. "These measures may be
asymmetrical, but in any case they will be effective," Manilov said.
Relations between Russia and NATO sank to a record low when the
transatlantic military alliance started a 78-day bombing campaign against
Yugoslavia on March 24 last year. (Russia-NATO-Relations) - - - - COLOMBO
-- At least 28 people, including eight Tamil Tiger rebels' suicide bombers,
were killed in the Sri Lankan capital of Colombo during the last
twenty-four hours, the Defense Ministry said Saturday evening. The ministry
said in a statement that six police constables were killed and six others
wounded in the operation which started Friday evening near the Castle
Street- Kotte Road roundabout at Borella, the commercial center of
Colombo. Those suicide bombers of Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE)
hiding in a bush near the roundabout "had given up their original plan" and
withdrew after their hideout being brought to light, said the
statement. Police sources said the suicide bombers may have been trying to
target Deputy Defense Minister Anuruddha Ratwatte who was due to pass by
the roundabout after a debate on a state of emergency in Parliament. (Sri
Lanka-Blast)
