BC-News-Summary 4-25 0263 Kyodo news summary -3- TOKYO, April 25
(Kyodo) (BC-News-Summary 4-25 0263 Kyodo news summary -3-) -- An
Education Ministry panel started discussions on issues concerning
religious organizations in connection with the police investigation
into AUM Shinrikyo, ministry officials said. -- The Supreme Court
dismissed a British man's demand he be granted the right to vote in
local elections, upholding two lower court decisions. -- New Tokyo Gov.
Yukio Aoshima received U.S. Ambassador to Japan Walter Mondale as the
first official visitor to his office. -- The Ministry of Posts and
Telecommunications has abandoned its plan to have at least four
commercial television stations operating in every Japanese prefecture,
ministry officials said. -- A 14-year-old boy and his three doctors
from Ukraine are in Hiroshima to receive medical checkups to see if he
suffers any health disorders due to the 1986 accident at the Chernobyl
nuclear power station, members of a Hiroshima-based group of doctors
said. -- South Korea banned several top officials of the Japan-based
AUM Shinrikyo religious sect from entering the country, Yonhap News
Agency reported from Seoul. -- President Le Duc Anh has praised
Vietnam's armed forces for defending the disputed Spratly Islands in
the South China Sea from other countries which lay claim to them,
official media said. -- The United States conveyed to South Korea the
contents of a North Korean reply concerning a proposed high-level
meeting on resolving the impasse over which nation will produce the
modern nuclear reactors to be supplied to the North, Yonhap News Agency
said.
