Islamic Court in Somalia Calls for War Against General Mohamed Farah Aidid
As the heavy fighting continues in the Somali capital Mogadishu, the
Supreme Islamic Court in North Mogadishu has called for an all out War
against General Mohamed Farah Aidid in Mogadishu and elsewhere in the
country.
In a statement issued by the court and broadcast on the radio
supporting Ali Mahdi Mohamed last night, the Islamic court has
legalized the fighting against General Aidid, describing it as holy
struggle against what is called " the armed bandits" led by Gencral
Aidid.
The Islamic court accused General Aidid for unrightfuly attacking and
besieging Medina district of southwest Mogadishu inhabited by the
clansmen of Ali Mahdi Mohamed.
Meanwhile, a Spokesman for Ali Mahdi Mohamed, Hussein Sheikh Ahmed
Kadare declared a state of war in Mogadishu. The spokesman said that
their forces, which they described as the " peace alliance " will not
stop fighting unless they capture General Aidid himself dead or alive,
an exaggerated illusion similar to that of the multi-intermational
forces against General Aidid in Somalia in 1993.
This call of war by Ali Mahdi and the Islamic court was prompted By a
simultaneous demonstrations held by the Abgal clansmen in North
Mogadishu who were calling for Ali Mahdi to take a retaliatory action
against General Aidid's advance in Medina distrct in the past 36 hours.
On the other hand, none of General Aidid's top lieutenants nor his
radio spoke about the heavy fighting in South Mogadishu and along the
green line. Local treatment centers have recorded 21 more deaths in
addition to yesterday's 17 deaths, while the wounded exceeded 100,
mainly civilians.
Hundreds of people are fleeing the capital to the neighboring districts
and villages such as Afgoe, Lafole, Balad and the port town of Merca,
100 Km South of Migadishu. The fleeing people carried little of their
possessions.
There's no peace negotiations going on at the moment between the rival
factions since every faction leader is determined to get rid of his
opponent, a dream which can hardly be realized.
