Arafat to Meet Mubarak on Palestinian-Israeli Talks 
Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat is to brief Egyptian President Hosni
Mubarak Wednesday on the latest developments of the Middle East peace
process, the Palestinian ambassador in Cairo said on Tuesday.
Arafat, who is expected to arrive here later Tuesday, will keep Mubarak
posted on the results of his meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Ehud
Barak on Sunday in the West Bank town of Ramallah, Ambassador Zohdi al
Qedra said.
Arafat and Barak failed in the meeting to find means of breaking the
stalemate in the Palestinian-Israeli final-status peace talks on the
thorniest issues, including Jerusalem, final borders, settlements and
refugees.
Mubarak will also be updated on the outcome of Arafat's recent visits
to France and Portugal and his talks with leaders of the two countries,
the Palestinian diplomat was quoted as saying by Egypt's Middle East
News Agency.
Portugal holds the rotating presidency of the European Union. The
15-nation European bloc and its member states, especially France,
sympathize with Arab countries' stances in their peace negotiations
with Israel and have been exerting efforts to help push the peace
process forward.
Arafat's visit to Egypt comes within the context of his constant
coordination and consultations with Mubarak in a bid to remove
difficulties and exchange views on problems facing the peace march, al
Qedra said.
Arafat frequently visits Cairo to seek advice on the peace talks from
Mubarak, who, as the leader of the first Arab country to sign a peace
treaty with Israel, plays an active role in mediating the Mideast peace
process.
