Philippine Police to Eliminate Kidnappings 
The Philippine National Police (PNP) has launched a two-pronged
strategy to eliminate kidnappings in the country, local press reported
today.
In a plan submitted to President Fidel Ramos, Interior and Local
Government Secretary Robert Barbers said the first strategy requires a
sustained education and information drive to heighten public awareness
of the crime.
The public information campaign would inform the citizens about the
kidnapping gangs' modus operandi, their organizational network and
their damaging effects on national development, and seek the citizens'
support in the war against kidnappings.
The second strategy calls for intensified action and strengthening of
capabilities of the law enforcement, prosecution and other main pillars
of the criminal justice system, Barbers said, adding the PNP has begun
to acquire new surveillance and communications equipment for the
purpose.
The new PNP plan came after President Ramos declared an all-out war led
by Barbers against kidnappings earlier this month, following a Fortune
Magazine report that some 241 people were kidnapped for ransoms in the
country last year.
According to crime watchdogs, kidnappers came more vehemently this year
and had taken at least 40 people as hostages in the first quarter of
the year.
Some anti-crime groups said some policemen and military soldiers were
kidnappers or protectors of kidnappers. A Presidential Task Force also
reported that more than 114 policemen and soldiers in active duty were
involved in the recent rash of kidnappings nationwide.
