US-weather SAN JOSE, California: Helicopter rescue crews plucked people
from rooftops after a levee, weakened by torrential rains in the US
Northwest and Canada, burst in central California. Yugo-protests
BELGRADE: The Serbian government responded to six weeks of domestic and
world protests by admitting some losses in local elections, but not
enough to satisfy opposition leaders or a leading western agency.
Israel-Hebron JERUSALEM: The Israelis and Palestinians failed to reach
an agreement on the West Bank town of Hebron despite concerted
mediation efforts by US envoy Dennis Ross. US-Cuba ST. THOMAS, US
Virgin Islands: US President Bill Clinton extended for six months a
freeze on a controversial provision of the Helms-Burton law punishing
non-US companies that do business in Cuba. Indonesia-unrest JAKARTA:
More than 5,000 Indonesians have fled from the West Kalimantan
provincial sub-district of Sangau Lido, which has been rocked by ethnic
clashes and rioting this week, reports said. SKorea-strike SEOUL:
Strike fever subsided in South Korea but unions said they intended to
boost efforts after the weekend as hopes of ending the labor crisis
triggered by an unpopular law remained dim. Syria-blast DAMASCUS: Syria
vowed that "Israeli terrorism" would not deter its relations with
Lebanon after a bombing in Damascus killed at least nine people and
injured 44 others. Somalia-factions ADDIS ABABA: Somali clan factions
have set up a national salvation council aimed at paving the way for a
transitional government in a bid to end years of bloodshed and
violence, officials said. Cuba-Pope HAVANA: Pope John Paul II will make
a landmark first visit to Cuba in 1998 and not in 1997 as originally
expected, Roman Catholic Church sources said. US-bombs-Egypt
WASHINGTON: The United States has asked Egypt to assist in the
investigation of letter-bombs sent to the offices of an Arab newspaper
here and a prison in Kansas, the State Department said. afp
