Yichang Adopts Preferential Investment Policy 
The government of this city in Central China's Hunan Province has
adopted a series of preferential policies for foreign investors.
According to the new policies, overseas investors are welcomed to
upgrade local metallurgical, chemical, medical, automobile and
foodstuffs enterprises in the form of joint-stock companies or leasing.
A more flexible policy has been introduced in the area of land-use
rights with the aim of encouraging foreign investors to engage in real
estate development on large tracts of land and renovation of old urban
communities. Those who invest in production projects, infrastructure
and public utilities will enjoy tax exemptions or reductions for
land-use rights.
Foreign banks, leasing companies, insurance agencies and investment
corporations will be allowed to open branches or representative offices
in the city.
Other preferential policies in taxation were adopted to attract foreign
investors.
Local officials said that foreign investors have flocked to Yichang
since it was listed by the State Council as part of the Three Gorges
Economic Development Zone in October 1994, and especially since the
start of the Three Gorges Project at the end of last year.
To date, the number of foreign-funded firms in Yichang has grown to
501, with a combined investment of 1.3 billion U.S. dollar, from 19
countries and regions.
