The Economy
As U.S. economic growth continues unabated 10 months after the Federal
Reserve began trying to slow it, more economists are concluding that the
Fed's all-purpose tool, raising or lowering interest rates, may not be as
effective as it used to be.  The performance of the bond market last week
has led a number of credit market analysts to suggest that the 14-month
rise in long-term interest rates may be about over. The biggest auction of
all time starts Monday, as the Federal Communications Commission begins
selling 99 licenses to use the radio spectrum for ``personal communication
services,'' a new family of wireless telephone and data services. A study
influencing the administration's labor policies indicates that millions of
American workers believe management is so powerful that they will not get a
say in workplace decisions even in union shops unless management consents
voluntarily. COMPANIES Another holiday-season case of missing Morphins?  It
was not supposed be this way. Bandai, the manufacturer, says it is shipping
10 times as many Mighty Morphin Power Ranger toys as it did last
Christmas. This year there are plenty of accessories but still also spot
shortages of some Power Ranger characters. Borden and Paul B.  Kazarian, a
suitor for the troubled consumer products company, have not held serious
negotiations yet about the company's future, but their game of
one-upsmanship continued through the weekend. B.A.T. Industries is expected
to contend Monday in federal district court that its proposed $1 billion
acquisition of American Tobacco Co. will promote competition among
U.S. cigarette makers, rather than stifle competition and raise prices as
the government has suggested.
