Foreign Affairs 
Every morning I walk around the pagodas on Hoan Kiem Lake, and every
morning I stop by this little Vietnamese woman crouched on the sidewalk
with her bathroom scale, and every morning I give her a dollar and
weigh myself. That woman and her scale, probably her only possession in
life, pretty well sum up Asia today: Everyone is in business, and
whatever you've got, no matter how big or small -- sell it, trade it,
barter it, leverage it, rent it, but do something with it to turn a
profit.
It is micro-entrepreneurs like my weight-watcher who are the foundation
stones of what is called the ``Asian economic miracle.'' The gains they
have made here are astounding. But there is another side to this Asian
economic miracle. It is the story of what is being lost amidst the
gains.
While in Hong Kong I took a tour across the border to the Chinese boom
town of Shenzhen. Shenzhen was a village 15 years ago; today it houses
2.5 million people. What I remember most about the tour were two
buildings -- one that I could barely see and one that I could see all
too well.
The one I could barely see was the tallest building in Shenzhen. The
air there is so polluted that from a distance all I could make out of
this high-rise was a silhouette.
The building I could see perfectly well was the Eiffel Tower. The
Chinese have built a good-size replica of it at a Shenzhen theme park.
The Shenzhen Eiffel Tower typifies the rootlessness of the Asian boom
towns, where the ancient past has been bulldozed, the immediate past --
Communism -- has been discredited and the present doesn't seem to have
any tradition holding it together.
Throughout the tour our young Chinese guide stressed only two points.
One was that people in northern China believed in education, but people
in the south ``only wanted to make money.''
The other was, ``We may not have time to see the Panda because of the
traffic jams.'' At every tour stop, he ordered us to rush, rush, rush,
or we would get stuck in the day-long Shenzhen gridlock and miss that
panda.
The whole tour left me hankering for a good dose from Mao's little red
book -- anything that suggested a belief system was still alive, beyond
pandas and profits.
Even some Asian armies have abandoned Clausewitz for Coopers &AMP;
Lybrand. China's army now gets half its budget from its vast empire of
corporations. Corruption is so widespread that the army newspaper
recently warned troops against the ``worship of money and disregard for
military matters.''
Vietnam, a latecomer to this free market, is struggling with how to
catch up with the other Asians, without having its traditions, national
solidarity and environment swept away. It looks like a losing battle.
Because of a lack of funds, every Vietnamese ministry has been ordered
to start businesses to support itself.
The Vietnamese foreign ministry press officer, who arranged all my
appointments with officials, was so helpful. And when we were finished
she said: ``That will be $25. Sorry, you know, market economy.'' The
ministry of health here sponsors ballroom dancing on Friday nights to
raise cash. The Hanoi golf and country club is built on land leased
from the Vietnamese army. If the Ho Chi Minh Trail existed today, it
would be a toll road.
But I fear this shortcut to capitalism will haunt the Vietnamese. When
ministries become the biggest entrepreneurs, it means there is no civil
service upholding the public interest. That is why bridges collapse in
Seoul and why 12-year-old girls are trapped in factory fires in China.
It was Asian capitalist talent -- harnessed by a professional civil
service -- that made Japan, Singapore and Hong Kong rich and stable.
Hanoi is the most charming big city left in Asia; people still play
badminton on the sidewalks here every morning. But for how long? Hanoi
is below sea level and the rampant unlicensed building now taking place
here is destroying the dikes and filling in the lakes needed to keep
Hanoi afloat. When it rains, the city now floods terribly.
``Many years ago people said development means killing ourselves, but
no one believed them,'' said N.T. Hieu, a young Vietnamese development
expert. ``In some ways, we believe it now. Ha Noi means the city
between the rivers. But some people who come here from the countryside
pronounce the N as L, and call it `Ha Loi.' Ha Loi means `flooded.' I
hope in a few years Ha Noi will not be known as Ha Loi.''
