Italian Bigotry Exposed in Checkpoint Shooting
An Italian government investigation into the shooting death of agent
Nicola Calipari and the wounding of freed hostage journalist Giuliana
Sgrena has sharply disagreed with an American military report regarding
the same incident. While the United States has determined that troops
manning an impromptu checkpoint on Baghdad's notorious Airport Road did
everything they were supposed to in order to avoid any inadvertent
tragedies, the Italian investigation suggested that it would have been
a good idea if the soldiers would have just turned on a fucking light
before they began shooting.
The Italian investigation was only mildly hampered by the fact that
American commanders shortly after the shooting ordered all the vehicles
involved moved, did no forensic examination of the shooting scene, did
not conduct a count of shots fired, wouldn't allow an Italian general
to view the scene and seemed to rely solely on the testimony of the
troops that did the shooting to determine their findings.
Unfortunately, the units duty log also seems to have disappeared
shortly after the incident, possibly kidnapped by Iraqi insurgents.
George W. Bush, in an attempt to placate one of his staunchest allies
in it's Operation Iraqi Liberation (O.I.L.) war, has given Italian
Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi permission to invade and conquer
Ethiopia.
Unnamed White House Source Wegman (Pudgy) Waterhouse, speaking on the
condition of anonymity said, "We don't honestly know what all the fuss
is about. Do you know how many people get blown away or blown up at our
checkpoints on any given day? Do the Italians ever complain about them?
Of course not and you know why? Creeping racism. We in the
Administration have been shocked and saddened ever since we realized,
as a direct result of this shooting I might add, that our Italian
allies are nothing more than closet bigots. Not that we in the
Administration aren't closet bigots ourselves, but we thought the
Italians were better than that."
( Authors Note: It is impossible for me to understand the stress,
uncertainty and fear of the young American troops manning a checkpoint
on the airport road, which has been attacked nearly one hundred times
in the last six months alone, or a little more than once every two days
with everything from small arms fire to car bombs and rockets. Even if
what these particular troops did was wrong I do not assign any blame to
them. But their Commander in Chief really will have some explaining to
do when he finally stands in front of God.)
