MONTSERRAT: Ancient Volcano Roars To Life: PARADISE, Montserrat _ First
Maureen's Cabey's bed started shaking, then the walls seemed to shift as
the ancient volcano across the valley roared to life again. It was Cabey's
fourth scare since Tuesday, when this Caribbean island's 3,000-foot Chances
Peak erupted with Montserrat's first volcanic earthquake in recorded
history. By Thursday, scientists confirmed that several of the fumaroles,
or vents, that pepper the southeastern Soufriere Hills like Swiss cheese
were shooting sulfur steam 400 yards (meters) into the sky, kept active by
underground explosions occurring about every 20 minutes. The Soufriere
chain is the youngest of three volcanoes that formed this island
neighboring Antigua and Guadeloupe.  Cabey said, ``People say we should
evacuate north. But we're so small.  If it really blows, I don't think
there will be anywhere to run.'' She stretched her arms as if to encompass
this 11-by-7-mile island. She was not reassured by radio broadcasts
reiterating, ``There is no need to panic. No evacuation is necessary.''
Nevertheless, the local government of this British colony is taking
precautions. The British warship HMS Southampton and its supply ship
steamed to Plymouth, Montserrat's capital, Thursday and stayed offshore on
guard. PUERTO RICO: Dominicans Protest Alleged Police Discrimination: SAN
JUAN, Puerto Rico _ A few dozen Dominicans demonstrated in front of police
headquarters here against what they say is discrimination by Puerto Rican
police. Police Superintendent Pedro Toledo said recently that Dominicans
living here are responsible for rising crime in this U-S
commonwealth. Esteban Reyes, an organizer of Thursday's peaceful protest,
said Toledo was wrong. Reyes said, ``We are not delinquents. We live here
legally with the intention of working.'' Toledo was off the island and not
available for comment. Living here are some 100,000 natives of the
Dominican Republic, which lies 90 miles to the west of Puerto Rico in the
Caribbean Sea. An additional 1,000 Dominicans are estimated to enter Puerto
Rico illegally each month, many arriving in overcrowded, fragile boats. The
majority stay and some try to travel to the U-S mainland. In police drug
raids here, many of those arrested are Dominicans, and many of them are
illegal residents. Toledo said earlier this year that Dominicans are
members of many of the drug trafficking gangs that operate here. Puerto
Rico is a key transshipment point for South American drugs heading for the
United States. GUYANA: Government Seeks French Extradition of Accused
Assassin: GEORGETOWN, Guyana _ The government has started talks with France
seeking extradition of a former soldier from French Guiana who is accused
of assassinating a former opposition leader here. Foreign Minister Clement
Rohee said Thursday the government needs the testimony of former Sergeant
Gregory Smith, accused of handing Doctor Walter Rodney a remote-controlled
radio that exploded and killed Rodney and his brother Donald in June
1980. The incident in downtown Georgetown led to widespread international
condemnation of the then Peoples National Congress Government, which was
accused of using Smith to eliminate Rodney, a political rival. French
Guiana is an overseas department of France. The PNC, which ruled Guyana for
28 years, amidst domestic and international allegations of electoral
rigging, is now in opposition, after losing the internationally-monitored
1992 elections. Rohee said, ``Yes, we are talking with the French
government and the extradition of Smith is part of the negotiations, but we
have not reached there yet.'' Rodney, widely known in Africa and the Third
World, was co-founder of the radical opposition Working Peoples Alliance
(WPA). It has two seats in the 65-member unicameral Guyana Parliament. He
was best known for authoring the book ``How Europe Underdeveloped Africa.''
SOCCER: Jamaica, Trinidad Win Caribean Shell Cup Matches: KINGSTON, Jamaica
_ Jamaica defeated St. Lucia, and Trinidad and Tobago beat Cuba, in the
opening round of Caribbean Shell Cup Soccer matches in front of 15,000 fans
at the National Stadium. In what was described as a lackluster performance,
Jamaica edged St. Lucia 2-1 in the match Wednesday night. Trinidad and
Tobago, the defending champion, beat Cuba 2-0. Scoring for Jamaica were
forward Onandi Lowe in the 10th minute, and Hector Wright from the penalty
spot in the 59th minute. Titus Elva scored St. Lucia's lone goal in the
37th minute. Trinidad and Tobago put on a more entertaining performance in
defeating Cuba. Angus Eve scored the twin-island republic's two goals _ in
the 31st and 76th minutes _ and earned himself the 100-dollar Most Valuable
Player award.  The four teams will face off again in matches today and
Saturday. The two top scorers will play Sunday against the two best of
another four-team Caribbean group: the Cayman Islands, St. Vincent and the
Grenadines, French Guiana and St. Kitts and Nevis. The second group was
scheduled to start a semi-final round of matches in the Caymans on
Thursday. The winners of the four-team finals, to be held in the Caymans,
will receive a 25,000-dollar prize. The second scorer will get 10,000
dollars and the third scorer will get 5,000 dollars.
