LONDON: British Prime Minister John Major won a "clear-cut" victory over a
former cabinet minister in a Conservative Party leadership election, vowing
to remain in office through the 1997 general elections "and beyond."
Emerging from his Downing Street office minutes after the 218-89 vote was
announced in parliament, a beaming Major said the challenge he had invited
himself had brought "a very clear-cut decision. "It puts to rest any
speculation about the leadership of the Conservative Party up to and beyond
the next general election."  SARAJEVO: Tensions escalated between UN forces
and Bosnian Serbs on the Mount Igman road, the lifeline to Sarajevo, where
shelling continued as the Red Cross began distributing the last of its
aid. In a desperate bid to bring humanitarian supplies into besieged
Sarajevo, the UN has begun dangerous night missions along the treacherous
Mount Igman route which is regularly attacked by the Bosnian Serbs.
KARACHI: Eight people were killed by gunfire as security forces continued
their search for arms and militants, and two more newspapers were banned in
an escalating media crackdown, police and officials said. A policeman and a
civilian were shot dead in western Orangi district, where a siege by some
1,000 police and paramilitary soldiers to seize illegal arms and gunmen
entered a third day, the officials said. Six other people were killed by
snipers in other parts of the city, as violence persisted despite agreement
between the government and the opposition Mohajir Qaumi Movement (MQM) to
hold talks in Islamabad on Thursday.  BEIJING: The Chinese Communist Party,
in an unprecedented move, announced it was probing politburo member and
former Beijing party chief Chen Xitong for suspected involvement in a huge
fraud scandal. At the same time, former Beijing deputy mayor Wang Baosen,
who committed suicide April 4, was posthumously expelled from the party and
stripped of all his posts for masterminding the swindle, which the party
said involved at least 37 million dollars in public funds.  MOSCOW: Clashes
between Russian and Chechen forces broke out in several areas of Chechnya,
particularly around the former rebel bastion of Bamut in the southwest,
private Russian NTV television reported. Fighting also erupted overnight
around Grozny, the Chechen capital, and the villages of Chechen-Aul and
Kurchaloi, southeast of Grozny, leaving one dead and two wounded on the
Russian side, NTV said.  BOGOTA: Colombian authorities captured the alleged
number-three man in the powerful Cali drug cartel, Jose Santa Cruz Londono,
police said. Police picked up "Chepe" Santa Cruz Londono, 52, at a Bogota
restaurant where he was spotted by one of the guards of police chief
General Roso Jose Serrano.  On June 9, police arrested Gilberto Rodriguez
Orejuela, the cartel's reputed strategy mastermind.  jr/mla
