News Analysis: Will Bangladesh Agree to Export Gas?
During U.S. President Clinton's wind-whirling visit to Bangladesh on
March 20, the issue of gas export will feature prominently on the
itinerary of his short stay. Actually it worked as the major catalyst
to Clinton's visit, though the United States dismissed the notion.
Will Bangladesh then agree to open its gas sector, in other words,
agree to export its gas to any other country during Clinton 's visit?
Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina, in a recent television
program, said Bangladesh would consider the possibilities of exporting
gas only after becoming sure that it had a reserve for its own for 50
years. According to official estimate, the current proven deposit of
gas in the country is 13 trillion cubic feet, which will be exhausted
in 35 years under the current reserve-to-production ratio. Other senior
government officials held similar opinion, and they suggested to set up
power plants or fertilizer plants based on natural gas instead of gas
export.
The major opposition parties also took similar stand on gas export.
Bangladesh Nationalist Party Secretary General Abdul Mannan Bhuiyan
Wednesday put up his party's proposal concerning the natural resources,
which includes determining the actual deposit of gas both in the
discovered and undiscovered fields, fixing up the actual demand of gas
consumption in domestic industries, households and power generation for
the next 50 years, not leasing out all the gas fields at a time and
also keeping prospective gas blocks reserved for state-owned
Petrobangla for exploration.
As to the international oil companies (IOCs), however, they believe no
gas for exports means no exploration. As gas exploration is an
expensive proposition, they would like to know about the prospects of
selling regarding the recovery of their investment and profit-making.
Under production sharing contracts (PSCs) signed so far between the
Bangladeshi government and the IOCs, they are to sell gas to the
state-owned Petrobangla only and not to any other country. The gas
price is determined by the quarterly average price of High Sulfur Fuel
Oil in Singapore market under the Gas Purchase and Sales Agreement. And
the current level of very high petroleum price has already affected
Petrobangla adversely.
Petrobangla is facing financial problem to meet its commitment and has
sought relief from its debt servicing liability and value- added taxes
to tide over the situation. This has clearly demonstrated that
Bangladesh will find it difficult to purchase its own natural gas from
the IOCs unless it is able to raise its export earnings substantially
by exporting gas through pipeline. As gas exploration is an expensive
proposition, it could not afford to explore without foreign investment.
What about establishing gas-based industries and exporting their
products to earn foreign currency and pay the IOCs for buying gas from
them? Citing a U.S. study, Forrest E. Cookson, president of the
American Chamber in Bangladesh said Bangladesh might get 1.50 U.S.
dollar by exporting 1,000 cubic feet gas through pipelines. On the
other hand, the export of power with the same volume of gas would earn
the country 1.25 dollar, fertilizer 0.60 dollar and liquefied natural
gas only 0.40 dollar, after deducting the cost of production. So these
projects would eventually not be cost-effective, and Bangladesh is
almost certainly "better off in sending it in pipeline" than the other
options, Cookson said.
Foreign companies, including Unocal from the United States, engaged in
gas exploration in Bangladesh, roughly estimated that the deposit would
be from 30 trillion to 50 trillion cubic feet, which could easily meet
the domestic demands for the next 50 years. And the U.S. business
leaders pledged to invest 600 million dollars a year if Bangladesh
decides to export gas to India through pipelines. Recently, they even
come up with a new proposal that Bangladesh could invest on
hydroelectricity in Nepal and Bhutan to get hydropower at a cheap price
in exchange of exporting gas, saying that donors and international
business circle would naturally be interested in providing assistance
for such an integrated project under a regional cooperation.
U.S. Secretary of State Madeleine Albright said Wednesday that "with
right policies in place, Bangladesh could make a quantum leap forward
by exploiting its vast energy reserves, particularly in natural gas."
She opined that American companies could be the " perfect partners to
help seize such opportunities."
Under the dual pressure from the U.S. government and the IOCs,
Bangladesh will feel it difficult to stand firm on its previous
position. Opening gas sector is only a matter of time. However,
considering the domestic pressure, The Bangladeshi government won' t
make decision hastily during Clinton's visit to allow gas export. It
will sign new production sharing contracts with some other IOCs first,
and the opening-up of the gas sector will be done in phases.
