ASEAN communique deplores nuclear testing, urges Spratlys restraint 
Excerpts from the joint communique of the 28th annual meeting of the
Association of Southeast Asian Nations that ended Sunday in Brunei:
NUCLEAR TESTING: "The foreign ministers emphasised the importance of
the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) in promoting international
peace and security ... and attached particular importance to the
establishment of internationally recognised nuclear-weapons-free zones
by the year 2000.
"In this regard, the foreign ministers deplored the resumption or
planned resumption of nuclear tests in the Asia-Pacific in view of the
commitment of all state parties to the NPT to exert utmost restraint on
nuclear weapons testing and to conclude the Comprehensive Test Ban
Treaty in 1996. They also called on all nuclear weapons states to
desist from testing nuclear devices."
SPRATLY ISLANDS DISPUTE: "The foreign ministers expressed their concern
over recent events in the South China Sea. They encouraged all parties
to reaffirm their commitment to the principles contained in the 1992
ASEAN Declaration on the South China Sea, which urges all claimants to
resolve their differences by peaceful means and to exercise
self-restraint. They also called on them to refrain from taking actions
that could destabilise the region, including possibly undermining the
freedom of navigation and aviation in the affected areas. They also
encouraged the claimants to address the issue in various bilateral and
multilateral fora."
ASEAN FREE TRADE AREA: "The foreign ministers noted with satisfaction
the significant progress made in the implementation of AFTA. They
expressed their full support for the reduction of the time-frame of
AFTA from 15 to 10 years ending in 2003 and noted that the member
countries will begin to implement the new reduction schedules by 1
January 1996."
DECEMBER ASEAN SUMMIT IN BANGKOK: "The Fifth Summit will chart ASEAN's
future direction towards intensifying political and economic
cooperation to make ASEAN an even more cohesive and dynamic regional
grouping. The foreign ministers also requested Thailand as host country
to invite the Heads of Government of Cambodia, Laos and Myanmar (Burma)
to a meeting with the ASEAN heads of government during the summit."
EAST ASIA ECONOMIC CAUCUS: "The foreign ministers reaffirmed their
commitment to an early realisation of the EAEC. They recognised the
usefulness of more focussed discussions on specific economic and
development issues, particularly on matters that will contribute to
greater development of the East Asian region."
ASIA PACIFIC ECONOMIC COOPERATION: "The foreign ministers noted that
APEC had made significant progress towards its long-term goal of free
and open trade and investment in the Asia-Pacific region ... The
ministers emphasised the need for APEC to proceed in a manner
consistent with the principles of GATT/WTO (General Agreement on
Tariffs and Trade/World Trade Organization)."
COMPREHENSIVE PLAN OF ACTION FOR REPATRIATING VIETNAMESE BOAT PEOPLE:
"The foreign ministers expressed serious concern over recent
developments which affected the implementation and successful
conclusion of the CPA. They urged all resettlement countries to weigh
carefully the implications of adopting proposed legislation which has
already generated false hopes of resettlement directly from the camps
in the first asylum countries."
KOREAN PENINSULA: The ministers reiterated their belief that resuming
the dialogue between the DPRK (Democratic People's Republic of Korea --
North Korea) and the Republic of Korea (South Korea) was extremely
important for peace and security in the Korean peninsula. They
expressed hope that these developments would contribute to the
improvement of the situation.
