PARIS: Summary of Jan 23 sports stories: FOOTBALL Dalglish rejects
Ireland job DUBLIN: Blackburn's director of football Kenny Dalglish
ruled himself out of the the running for the vacant Republic of Ireland
manager's job on Tuesday. The former Scotland striker told the Football
Association of Ireland (FAI) that he did not want to be one of the
candidates to be interviewed for the post on Wednesday and Thursday.
Millwall manager Mick McCarthy, the former Republic captain, and
Wimbledon boss Joe Kinnear, another former Irish international, seem
certain to be interviewed, along with former Sheffield United boss Dave
Bassett. Unsettled Asprilla heading for Newcastle ROME: South American
striker Faustino Asprilla could quit Italian club Parma and join
English Premiership pacesetters Newcastle by the weekend. The
26-year-old Colombian striker met Magpies boss Kevin Keegan late
Tuesday to discuss a possible proposed club record 6.7 million pounds
move to England -- and later confirmed that he was ready to make the
move. Asprilla, unsettled at Parma where he has not had a happy
relationship with manager Nevio Scala, met a three-man Newcastle
delegation consisting of Keegan, assistant manager Terry McDermott and
director Douglas Hall, at a secret location between Parma and Rome on
Tuesday. Real Madrid name Valdano's successor MADRID: Real Madrid named
Arsenio Iglesias, the former Deportivo La Coruna coach, to replace the
sacked Argentinian Jorge Valdano here on Tuesday. Iglesias, 65, agreed
a contract with club president Lorenzo Sanz that ends on June 30.
Vicente del Bosque will be in temporary charge for the Athletic Bilbao
league match this week. more
