MOSCOW: Two people are arrested after being caught stealing 9.5 kilos of
uranium-238 from a secret Russian nuclear site in the
Urals. Russia-nuclear,2ndlead 600 words around 1030 GMT by Christopher
Boian VATICAN CITY: The Vatican leaves the door open to a possible
cancellation of Pope John Paul II's Sarajevo trip amid health and security
fears, although the visit is still officially scheduled.  Pope-Yugo,lead
500 words around 1130 GMT by Jean-Louis de la Vaissiere DAMASCUS: Syrians
go to the polls to elect a new 250-seat parliament, in a vote expected to
be won comfortably by President Hafez al-Assad's ruling coalition headed by
the Baath Arab Socialist Party.  Syria-vote,lead 500 words around 1230 GMT
by Elias Tohme RAMALLAH, West Bank: Israel hands over control of education
to the Palestinian self-rule authority in the Ramallah area of the occupied
West Bank.  Mideast-Israel-education,lead 425 words, moved. Picture LAGOS:
Lagos remains in the grip of severe fuel shortages despite efforts by the
junta to break the back of a crippling oil industry strike aimed at
bringing about an end to military rule. Nigeria 550 words around 1030 GMT
by Ade Obisesan MASERU: Lesotho began returning to work after a
debilitating two-day protest strike on the eve of key talks aimed at
resolving the African kingdom's political crisis sparked by a royal
coup. Lesotho 600 words around 1100 GMT TIRANA: Albanian President Sali
Berisha calls for international mediation to defuse the ongoing crisis
between Tirana and Athens which has intensified over the espionage trial of
five ethnic Greek Albanians. Albanian-Greece,lead 500 words around 11030
GMT ISLAMABAD: Former prime minister Nawaz Sharif's declaration that
Pakistan has a nuclear bomb brought an angry response from government
leaders and increased tension with India.  Pakistan-nuclear,lead 600 words
moved TOKYO: Indications of a Pyongyang power struggle grow with a Russian
foreign ministry official saying Kim Jong Il is battling with rivals and a
German diplomat confirming that leaflets were handed out in the North
Korean capital NKorea-Kim,lead 600 words around 1200 GMT by Pierre-Antoine
Donnet more
