LONDON U.S.  President Bill Clinton left Ireland for home Saturday night,
winding up his six-day European trip that also includes Russia and Northern
Ireland, according to reports from Shannon, Ireland. During his visit,
Clinton held talks with Russian President Boris Yeltsin in Moscow, toured
parts of Northern Ireland with British Prime Minister Tony Blair and met
Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern in Dublin. Clinton visited Ireland's
western city of Limerick and played a round of golf at the fabled
Ballybunion Golf Course on Saturday before heading for Washington by Air
Force One plane. (UK-Clinton) - - - - RIO DE JANEIRO -- Part of the roof of
a church near Sao Paulo collapsed during services Saturday, Killing some 30
people and injuring more than 500 others, the Brazilian news media
reported. Congregation of 1,300 was in the Universal Church chapel in
Osasco, 15 kilometers southwest of Sao Paulo, when the roof came crashing
down, reports said. The Universal Church temple building was built more
than 50 years go and is located in the center of the Osasco
municipality. (Brazil-Church Disaster-Toll) - - - - LONDON -- Northern
Ireland's Ulster Unionist Party on Saturday allowed its leader David
Trimble to hold face-to-face talks with Sinn Fein President Gerry
Adams. The breakthrough meeting is expected to take place on Tuesday or
Wednesday, following a meeting of party leaders on Northern Ireland's
future seat of government on Monday, according to BBC report from
Belfast. The decision by the 110-strong executive of the Ulster Unionist
Party followed discussion on tactics for the resumption later this month of
the new Northern Ireland Assembly. (UK-N.Ireland-Meeting) - - - - NEW DELHI
-- Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee said that his country and
Pakistan had resolved their differences over how to resume stalled peace
talks between the two arch-rivals in South Asia. Upon his arrival in the
Indian capital from an eight-day tour of Oman, Namibia, South Africa and
Mauritius, Vajpayee told reporters that New Delhi would discuss all
outstanding issues including Jammu and Kashmir with Islamabad at the
bilateral level without any third party intervention. A foreign ministry
spokesman said Saturday that the breakthrough came in meetings between
Pakistani Foreign Minister Sartaj Aziz and members of the Indian delegation
on the sidelines of the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) summit this week in
Durban, South Africa. (India-Pakistan-Talks)
