OKLAHOMA CITY, Oklahoma: A powerful carbomb explosion rips apart a federal
government building, killing at least 19, wounding hundreds and prompting
the US government to tighten security across the country. US-blast,5thlead
700 words around 2345 GMT (Attention editors: a separate advisory on this
developing story has been moved.) WASHINGTON: President Bill Clinton and
Attorney General Janet Reno hold a news conference to discuss the bombing,
one of the deadliest attacks in US history. US-blast-Clinton 500 words
around 2300 GMT (News conference scheduled for around 2100) MOSCOW: Russian
forces claim to capture the Chechen village of Bamut, the last lowland
stronghold of separatist forces, killing 400 of the independence
fighters. Russia-Chechnya,2ndlead 500 words moved YOKOHAMA, Japan: The
nightmare fears of the March 20 nerve-gas attack on the Tokyo subway are
revived almost a month later, as at least 150 people fall ill after
breathing a mysterious odour at a train station at Yokohama, west of the
capital. Japan-train,4thlead 500 words moved COLOMBO: Tamil Tiger rebels
call off a three-month old truce and immediaely blow up two navy gunboats
in a daring pre-dawn raid.  SriLanka-Tamil,4thlead 600 words moved TRIPOLI:
Libyan leader Moamer Kadhafi wins authorization to fly Moslem pilgrims from
his country to Mecca after a plane took off from Tripoli to challenge a UN
air traffic embargo. Libya-hajj,2ndlead 600 words moved WASHINGTON: Turkish
Prime Minister Tansu Ciller assures President Bill Clinton her country will
withdraw all troops from northern Iraq "in a matter of weeks."
Turkey-Kurds-US 600 words moved BERLIN: North Korean and US negotiators end
a first day of crucial new talks in Berlin on replacing the communist
state's nuclear installations with equipment unsuitable for weapons
production. Korea-nuclear 450 words moved WASHINGTON: The US trade deficit
narrows to 9.01 billion dollars in February, down 24.46 percent from a
month earlier, in a bit of good news that takes analysts by surprise and
makes officials query if it will last. US-trade,3rdlead 600 words around
2115 GMT by Jean-Louis Santini
