JERUSALEM, August 20 The following are major news items in leading Israeli
newspapers on Friday. The Jerusalem Post: -- Israeli Prime Minister Ehud
Barak expressed hope on Thursday that U.S. President Bill Clinton's
objections to moving the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem will not last beyond
February 15, 2000, when Israel will know whether it has an outline for a
final deal on the disposition of the territories with the
Palestinians. Barak said that in the event a declaration of principles
with the Palestinians on a final-status deal is not reached, the U.S.
will no longer be bound by its reluctance to move the embassy. Haaretz: --
The Tel Aviv District Court Thursday sentenced Stephan Smyrek, a
28-year-old German citizen, to 10 years in prison, following his
conviction earlier this week of three counts of endangering the national
security of Israel. Smyrek was convicted on Tuesday of conspiring to aid
an enemy in its struggle against Israel, conspiring to transmit
information to an ememy with the intention of harming state security and
membership in the militant group Hizbollah. Ma'ariv -- Israel Thursday
opened a main road in the West Bank city of Hebron to the Palestinian
traffic. The road had been closed since a Jewish settler gunned down 29
Muslim worshipers in Hebron more than five years ago. Yediot Aharonot: --
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak has ordered the Israeli Army to make a
preparation for a possible withdrawal from southern Lebanon. The Israeli
troops may withdraw without a peace deal with Syria and Lebanon, or after
reaching a security arrangement with the Lebanese government.
