Mideast JERUSALEM: The Israeli government decided to look into the legal
possibility of expelling families of suicide bombers in a new step to crack
down on attacks, as its army expanded its control over the West
Bank. Mideast-Arafat RAMALLAH, West Bank: Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat
urged world leaders to intervene swiftly to contain Israel's get-tough
policy in the West Bank, where he said Israel wants to restore military
rule. Iran-quake TEHRAN: Condolences and offers of help flooded in as a
mourning Iran rushed aid to the victims of the earthquake in the northwest
of the country, but said the death toll was not as heavy as first
feared. Russia-floods SLEPTSOVSK, Russia: Some 230 Russians were either
dead or missing as a result of flash floods that engulfed Chechnya and
neighbouring regions of the North Caucasus, driving over 75,000 people from
their homes, the interior ministry said. US-attacks-Qaeda DOHA: A spokesman
for the al-Qaeda network emerged on television to announce that chief
terror suspect Osama bin Laden and his cohorts were alive and well and warn
the United States to "fasten its seat belt" in preparation for more
attacks. Cameroon-vote YAOUNDE: Legislative and municipal elections in the
west African state of Cameroon were postponed for a week at the last minute
and President Paul Biya promised that those responsible for the delay would
be severely punished. Madagascar ANTANANARIVO: Madagascar's ex-president
Didier Ratsiraka returned home insisting that he remains the Indian Ocean
state's legitimate ruler but saying he was open for negotiations with his
arch-rival Marc Ravalomanana.  Fbl-WC2002-referees YOKOHAMA, Japan:
Football's governing body FIFA tried to calm the furore over World Cup
refereeing but admitted match officials had made mistakes, as Spanish
players claimed Egyptian referee Gamal Ghandour had robbed them of victory
over South Korea in Saturday's quarter-final. afp
