BEIJING: China's foreign ministry congratulated US President Bill
Clinton on his election to a second term of office while the official
press launched a diatribe against US policy. US-elections-Japan TOKYO:
Japan vowed to cooperate "closely" with the second administration of
re-elected US President Bill Clinton, with the aim of achieving "even
greater peace and prosperity" in the Asia-Pacific region.
US-elections-Taiwan TAIPEI: The Taiwanese government joined industrial
and business sectors in welcoming the re-election of US President Bill
Clinton, but called on Washington not to conduct relations with China
at the expense of the Nationalist island. US-elections-Australia
SYDNEY: Australia will help President Bill Clinton celebrate
re-election by hosting his first visit here amid rising anger by China
about the growing warmth of the US-Australia alliance. Japan-politics
TOKYO: Japan's Social Democratic Party (SDP) agreed to back Prime
Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto as premier, party officials said, virtually
assuring him of re-election as premier. Pakistan-Bhutto-response
ISLAMABAD: Deposed Pakistan prime minister Benazir Bhutto called the
dismissal of her government illegal and undemocratic and vowed to
challenge President Farooq Ahmed Leghari's action in court.
SKorea-foreign SEOUL: South Korean President Kim Young-Sam named his
top foreign affairs and security adviser Yoo Chong-Ha as his new
foreign minister. Afghan-bombs KABUL: Two civilians were wounded when
jets dropped two massive bombs on a residential area in the city centre
of the Afghan capital Kabul. India-Rao-plea MORE
