BAGHDAD An Iraqi Oil Ministry official announced Sunday evening that the
Iraqi-Turkish oil pipelines were blasted by U.S. and British warplanes and
Iraqi oil export through the pipelines has been suspended. The Iraqi News
Agency quoted the unnamed official as saying that the U.S. and British air
strikes Sunday afternoon killed one oil worker and injured two Iraqi oil
observers. (Iraq-Oil Pipeline) - - - - BEIRUT -- Israeli warplanes launched
large-scale raids on Lebanese southern and eastern areas in retaliation for
the attacks by Lebanese guerrillas, the Voice of the People radio
reported. Israeli jets fired dozens of air-to-surface missiles on a number
of villages that were believed to be the hideouts of Lebanese guerrillas
inside and outside its occupied border zone. The warplanes also struck
suspected guerrillas' bases at Naameh, 16 kilometers south of Beirut, and
the country's eastern area of Belbek.  (Lebanon-Israel-Raids) - - - -
JERUSALEM -- As expected, the Israeli government and army decided Sunday to
wage a massive ground, air and sea attack on Hezbollah guerrillas in
Lebanon in retaliation for the killing of four Israelis, including a
general. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Defense Minister Moshe Arens
and Chief of Staff Shaul Mofaz made the announcement at a
hurriedly-arranged news conference in Tel Aviv. This came several hours
after Israel suffered what could almost be called its worst loss in the
self-styled security zone in south Lebanon since Israeli invasion in
1982.(Israel-Lebanon)
