Jordan's King Says He Has Confidence in Troubled 
In an apparent attempt to quell a surging call for the cabinet's
resignation in Jordan, King Hussein said Thursday that he still has
confidence in Prime Minister Abdul Salam Majali and his government.
Hussein made the remarks in his reply to Majali, who sent
congratulations to the king Tuesday on his 46 years on the throne.
Hussein, who is in the U.S. for cancer treatment, said he had "trust
and pride" in Majali and all the policies he had adopted.
Following a potable water pollution scandal in Amman last month, the
opposition political parties are strongly demanding the resignation of
the whole cabinet for their failure in settling a string of domestic
problems.
Residents in western Amman early last month complained that water
flowing out of their taps has an odor and contains worms and larvae.
Water and Irrigation Minister Munther Haddadin resigned last Wednesday,
but Majali has ruled out the possibility of the resignation of the
whole government, saying that any option lay only in the hand of the
king.
The Majali government, which was appointed by Hussein in March, adopted
a reform package aimed at developing Jordan's economy through measures
such as privatization, alleviating poverty and unemployment, and
supervising parliamentary elections. But all the plans have suffered
setbacks.
