Bangladesh-army DHAKA: The Bangladesh military
took deposed army chief Lieutenant General Abu Saleh Muhammad Nasim
into "protective custody" and took steps to neutralise his forces.
China-MFN BEIJING: China welcomed US President Bill Clinton's decison
to renew its most-favoured-nation (MFN) trading status for another
year, but strongly criticised the need for the annual review.
India-vote NEW DELHI: Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee hinted
in published remarks that his five-day-old Hindu nationalist government
was on its way out, immediately pushing down stock prices. China-Taiwan
BEIJING: China stated its total opposition to the idea of Taiwan as a
democratic sovereign state following the island's free election of Lee
Teng-hui for a second presidential term. India-vote-Kashmir SRINAGAR,
India: This Kashmir summer capital was a ghost town as a strike called
to protest upcoming general elections and a heavy downpour kept people
indoors and vehicles off the roads. HongKong-handover HONG KONG: Hong
Kong Governor Chris Patten should accept the reality of China's plans
for the territory's future and start to cooperate with China, the Hong
Kong General Chamber of Commerce said. SriLanka-Tamil COLOMBO: Tamil
Tiger guerrillas said they killed 16 security personnel in northeastern
Sri Lanka for the loss of six of their own fighters during a raid on an
army camp. China-executions BEIJING: Another 47 people have been
executed across China as part of a nationwide "campaign against
criminality," according to regional press reports received here. MORE
211100
