French synchronized swimmers abandon routine 
The French synchronised swimming team have officially abondoned their
controversial Olympic routine based on the theme of the Holocaust,
48-hours after an intervention by sports minister Guy Drut.
On Wednesday, the ministry issued a statement indicating that the
French Swimming Federation "had been given the necessary instructions
ensuring that the swimming routine would contain no scenes alluding to
that tragedy."
The French Swimming Federation would give no details of the new
routine, saying in an official release : "We are going to do something
different. There is nothing left to do but to work on our routine."
National unease over the unusual choice of choreographic inspiration
reached a peak when the French Movement Against Racism (MRAP)
pronounced it "an indecent aquatic ballet", saying it trivialized the
deaths of millions.
One televison viewer, after watching a report on the team on the
national television channel France 3, wrote to the French Swimming
Federation to express his "profound revolt", saying: "I was absolutely
stupefied to see half a dozen girls in caps and nose clips swimming
around a pool while imitating people being split up into groups and led
into nazi camps."
The Olympic routine had been choreographed to the music of Schindler's
list.
The World Jewish Congress also entered the debate from its New York
headquarters, saying that the tragic period in history had to be
treated with great delicacy.
