PARIS: Summary of June 19 sports stories: FOOTBALL: Bergkamp poised for
Arsenal ROME: Italian giants Inter Milan have said Dutch international
striker Dennis Bergkamp's move to English Premiership side Arsenal
should be finalised later this week. Bergkamp, 26, who joined Inter
from Ajax two seasons ago, is expected to sign a three-year deal worth
about 8 million US dollars. Spurs and Everton want Armstrong LONDON:
Crystal Palace's controversial striker Chris Armstrong will end the
year-long speculation surrounding his future and decide this week
whether to join Premiership clubs Tottenham or Everton. Palace have
agreed a fee of 4.5 million pounds (about 7.1 million dollars) with
both clubs for the 24-year-old forward who missed four games on FA
medical advice after a random drugs test on January 23 proved positive
for cannabis. Pompey release Dane PORTSMOUTH, England: Former Danish
international Bjorn Kristensen has been given a free transfer by
English first division Portsmouth, four weeks after accepting a new
deal. The Pompey board refused to pay ex-Newcastle player Kristensen,
31, a signing-on fee. United legend urges Ince to stay MANCHESTER,
England: Manchester United legend George Best urged Paul Ince to reject
Inter Milan's offer and stay at Old Trafford. England midfielder Ince
is considering a seven million pound (11 million dollar) move to the
Italian club. Ince, who is said to have been stunned by Manchester
United's decision to let him go, is believed to have been offered
around 25,000 pounds a week. He flew to Milan last week with his wife
to discuss terms. Casiraghi clinches Italian win LAUSANNE, Switzerland:
A 55th minute goal from Pierluigi Casiraghi earned Italy a 1-0 win over
Switzerland in Monday's friendly football international here. more
