The following are major news items in leading Egyptian
newspapers on Wednesday. Al Ahram: -- British Foreign Secretary Jack
Straw will arrive in Cairo for a two-day visit to Egypt. During the
visit, he will meet with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak on the latest
developments in the Middle East. Al Akhbar: -- Egypt's Higher Tourism
Council met on Tuesday to review the current developments of the
international civil aviation and the movement of the international
tourism. Egyptian Tourism Minister Mamdouh Ahmed Beltagui told the
meeting that the September 11 terror attacks in the U.S. has led to a
reluctance of passengers worldwide to use air traffic or embark on
tourism activities, adding that Egypt's stability and security are
important elements to ensure the country's normal tourism activities.
Al Gomhuria: -- Egypt's Central Bank is considering a cut of interest
rate on loans, a move aimed at activating the economy. The foreign
exchange market in the country is at a lull and there are big
quantities of dollars available in the market with limited demand for
the first time. The Egyptian Gazette: -- Arab League chief Amr Moussa
on Tuesday described Israel's new military zone in occupied Palestinian
territories as a provocative act which increases tensions in the
turbulent region. "These provocative Israeli measures increase the
level of tension in the region, hurl it into a vicious cycle of action
and reaction and impede any efforts to escape the crisis," he added.
