WIMBLEDON, England _ Big servers weren't bothered by the slower balls
at Wimbledon. In an attempt to curb the power hitting that has
dominated the grass-court tournament, Wimbledon introduced a softer,
heavier ball for this year. Slug Sports-Tennis-Wimbledon. Play to begin
on show courts at 1300 GMT. By Stephen Wilson. WIMBLEDON, England _
After a six-year absence from Wimbledon, Mats Wilander warily made his
way back to Centre Court. He faced a British player aiming to please a
home-town crowd. But the 30-year-old Swede, winner of seven Grand Slam
titles, ended up smiling. Slug Sports-Tennis-Wimbledon-Wilander. Has
moved. By Sandra Harwitt. CRICKET: LONDON - Dominic Cork's seven second
innings wickets rips the heart out of the West Indies as England level
the series 1-1 with its first victory over the West Indians at Lord's
since 1957. Slug Sports-Cricket-England-West Indies. Has moved.
BASKETBALL: ATHENS, Greece _ Yugoslavia meets Israel, Russia plays
Spain and Greece battles Germany at the European Championship. Slug
Sports-Basketball-European Championship. Expected by 1330 GMT. By Nesha
Starcevic. ICE HOCKEY: EAST RUTHERFORD, New Jersey _ The Stanley Cup
champion New Jersey Devils will end their franchise agreement with the
New Jersey Sports and Exposition Authority after the 1996-97 season.
Slug Sports-Ice Hockey-Devils Future. Has moved. By Tom Canavan. ALSO:
_ PARIS _ Sports-Cycling-Tour de France. Has moved. _ UNDATED _
Sports-Baseball-AL Roundup. Has moved. _ UNDATED _ Sports-Baseball-NL
Roundup. Has moved. _ BRISTOL, England _ Sports-RugbyU-Board-Luyt. Has
moved.
