Mideast Hijackings Since 1970 (BC-Hijackings-Glance, 1st
Ld-Writethru,0468) Major hijackings in the Middle East since 1970:
August 15-16, 1993 -- An Egyptian forces a KLM jetliner bound from
Tunis, Tunisia, to Amsterdam to land at Duesseldorf, Germany. Commandos
storm the plane and arrest him after his last two hostages escape
through a cockpit window. August 28-30, 1992 -- Four Ethiopians hijack
an Ethiopian Airlines jet on a domestic flight and force it to fly to
Djibouti, where they release their hostages. They surrender after
flying to Italy and asking for asylum. April 5-20, 1988 -- Shiite
gunmen hijack Kuwait Airways jumbo jet en route from Thailand to
Kuwait, divert it to Iran, Cyprus and Algeria. Demand Kuwait free 17
pro-Iranian terrorists. After 16-day ordeal and murder of two
passengers, hijackers free hostages and allowed leave Algiers. July 24,
1987 -- Lebanese Shiite hijackers seize Air Afrique DC-10 flying from
Central African Republic to Paris. French passenger killed before
hijackers overpowered in Geneva. Dec. 25, 1986 -- Iraqi Airways Boeing
737 flying from Baghdad to Amman, Jordan, with 107 people aboard
commandeered by two gunmen. Plane crashes in Saudi Arabian after midair
gunfight. Sixty-two people killed. Sept. 5, 1986 -- Four Palestinians
seize Pan Am Boeing 747 with 400 people aboard in Karachi, Pakistan,
demand release of Palestinians imprisoned in Cyprus. Seventeen-hour
ordeal ends when plane runs out of fuel and hijackers fire on
passengers, killing 21. Nov. 23, 1985 -- Four of Abu Nidal's gunmen
seize EgyptAir Boeing 737, forcing it to Malta. Sixty people, including
two hijackers, killed when Egyptian commandos storm plane. June 14,
1985 -- Shiite gunmen seize TWA Boeing 727, force it to Beirut,
Lebanon. Demand release of 700 Arabs held by Israel. U.S. Navy diver
killed, 39 Americans held for 17 days until release after Syrian
mediation. June 11, 1985 -- Six Shiites hijack Jordanian Boeing 727 in
Beirut, force it to Cyprus, then Tunisia, where authorities refuse let
it land. Plane returns to Beirut, where passengers freed. Terrorists
escape after blowing up plane. Dec. 3, 1984 -- Shiite gunmen seize
Kuwait Airways plane and force it to Tehran, Iran. Two Americans
killed. Five-day standoff ends when Iranian security forces surprise
hijackers. Oct. 13, 1977 -- Terrorist hijack Lufthansa airliner flying
from Palma de Mallorca, Spain, to Frankfurt, force it to Somalia.
Demand release of terrorists held in Germany. Pilot killed. German
commandos storm plane, killing three hijackers and capturing fourth.
June 27, 1976 -- Terrorists hijack Air France airliner to Entebbe,
Uganda, where four civilians killed during rescue operation by Israeli
paratroopers. Sept. 6-12, 1970 -- Palestinians hijack three Western
airliners to desert Egyptian commandos storm plane.
