Israel-Arafat GAZA CITY: Palestinian President Yasser Arafat said he
was ready to hold a summit meeting with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu to save the peace process. US-Israel-Mordechai WASHINGTON:
Israel's defense minister said his country had a right to build Jewish
settlements in east Jerusalem and Palestinian authorities must counter
terrorism for Israel to take further risks for peace. Britain-motorway
LONDON: Thousands of British drivers faced a second day of chaos after
police confirmed that stretches of two of the country's busiest
motorways, sealed off after the discovery of two bombs, would remain
closed. Mexico-volcano MEXICO CITY: Mexican authorities declared a
volcano alert in Puebla state after an active volcano appeared ready to
erupt. US-Chile WASHINGTON: Easing its restrictions on sales of
advanced weapons to Latin America, the United States has authorized US
plane makers to market fighter aircraft in Chile, Pentagon officials
said. Zaire-US WASHINGTON: A US helicopter assault ship has arrived in
waters off Africa with more than 1,800 Marines who will be used if an
evacuation is ordered, the Pentagon said. US-immigration WASHINGTON:
Attorney General Janet Reno said the new US immigration law would be
enforced in a "humane" manner, and maintained that the government would
fight court challenges to the law. Peru-hostages LIMA: A mediating team
in Peru's hostage crisis, in an unexplained shift in strategy, held two
separate sets of talks with leaders of the rebel commando holding 72
hostages at the Japanese ambassador's residence. Canada-Hongkong
VANCOUVER: Hong Kong's top civil servant said she remains optimistic
about the territory's future under Chinese rule because of the high
degree of autonomy promised under the "one country, two systems"
concept. afp
