(PARIS) FOOTBALL Liverpool trio get free transfer ticket LONDON:
Liverpool manager Roy Evans has announced that the club is set to give
away 4 million pounds (6 million US dollars) worth of international
footballing talent. Mark Walters, Jan Molby and Paul Stewart have been
told they can leave on free transfers after being told by Evans that
they have no future at the club. Stewart, signed from Tottenham for 2.2
million pounds, has not figured in the first team this season. Molby
has been beset by injuries and Waters is on a week to week contract and
has been loaned out to Wolves and Stoke. 'Big Mouth' Vinnie in more
trouble LONDON: Wimbledon midfielder Vinnie Jones has been charged with
bringing the game into disrepute over disparaging remarks he made about
foreign players in a national newspaper. The transfer-listed Jones, who
was dismissed on Tuesday for a foul on Chelsea star Ruud Gullit,
likened the Dutchman to two pot-bellied pigs he owns, but added: "They
don't squeal as much." Jones, a regular columnist for the Daily Mirror,
has 14 days to answer the charge. He could face a fine and suspension,
on top of the one-match ban he will receive for two yellow cards in the
same match. England fans back Keegan LONDON: Newcastle manager Kevin
Keegan has usurped Terry Venables as the supporters' choice to lead
England to World Cup glory, according to a magazine survey. England
coach Venables, whose contract expires at the end of the European
Championships in 1996, has pressed the Football Association to clarify
his future prior to the event. bb95 290244
