BC-APTV Advisory,0559 (BC-APTV Advisory,0559) APTV 1800 GMT Advisory,
Saturday, Feb. 18 Main stories that APTV expects to move during the
next 12 hours. APTV's scheduled b-u-l-l-e-t-i-n times over this period
are the Latin America (1900), Asia Early (1945), North America Late
(2030) Latin America Update (2100) and Europe Early (0400). All times
GMT. PAKISTAN: TERROR - A special report from Islamabad, where World
Trade Center bombing suspect Ramzi Yousef was arrested last week and
deported to the United States. We talk to the manager of the hotel
where Yousef was staying, interview Moslems who are angry at Western
coverage of the case, plus comment from Pakistan Prime Minister Benazir
Bhutto, who vows to crack down on international terrorism (1900).
AFGHAN: BHUTTO - We also have Benazir Bhutto saying Pakistan is
sticking to a hands-off policy towards Afghanistan, where the Islamic
student Taliban movement is currently threatening to overrun the
capital Kabul (1900). CLINTON: CHECHNYA - President Clinton denies
reports that he has turned down a proposed meeting with Boris Yeltsin
in May, saying a decision has yet to be made on the issue (1900).
MEXICO: CHIAPAS - We have video filmed from an army helicopter as
Mexican troops launched an assault on three rebel towns in the southern
state of Chiapas and we also have recent rebel Zapatista video showing
the towns under their control (1900). IRELAND: PEACE - We have pictures
of the talks between Britain and Ireland over the future of Northern
Ireland. A plan for peace in the troubled province is to be put to both
governments next week.(1900). ALGERIA: FUNERAL - Thousands of people
attended the funeral of the singer Rachid Baba Ahmed. He was killed by
Moslem fundamentalists fighting for an Islamic state, who have stepped
up their attacks during Ramadan. (1900). US: IWO JIMA - APTV reports on
ceremonies held by U.S. veterans to mark the bloodiest battle of world
war two when U.S. Marines stormed the Japanese island of Iwo Jima
(1900). ISRAEL: MARCH - We are in Jerusalem following an inter-faith
peace group which is walking from Hiroshima to Auschwitz via the
world's trouble spots. They are marking 50 years since the end of World
War II (1900). FRANCE : ARAFAT - Our cameras are covering unscheduled
talks at a UNESCO conference on the future of the Middle East. PLO
leader Yasser Arafat is to meet Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres
(1900). JAPAN: WHALE - APTV has a confrontation between a Greenpeace
vessel and a Japanese whaler in the Antarctic sea. Campaigners prevent
the Japanese from killing a minke whale in an area that is supposed to
be a sanctuary (1900). US: PET WASH - We feature the latest in American
pet pampering -a launderette where dogs and cats can wash and go
(1900). The intake editor is Owen Smith at 44-171-427-4100. The output
editor is Martin Benedyk at 44-171-427-4130. The APTV Master Control
Room can be reached at 44-171-427-4131. Please do not give these
telephone numbers to your viewers. We cannot take public calls on these
lines -- they are for your use only.
