Algeria defends its human rights record 
Algeria's foreign minister defended his country's human rights record
Thursday in the face of a highly critical report by Amnesty
International.
"On human rights, we have nothing to be ashamed of," the minister,
Mohamed Salah Dembri, told reporters after giving a speech to the UN
Human Rights Commission.
The government's battle against Moslem fundamentalists, he said, "is
not repression but rather the protection of property and persons in the
face of a terrorist campaign that seeks to destabilize society itself."
In a report released in January, Amesty International said it had made
"numerous recommendations to the Algerian authorities for measures to
be taken to prevent human right violations such as arbitrary detention
and torture of detainees, unfair trials and extrajudicial executions."
The London-based human rights groups said said it was aware of "the
very serious level of violence by armed Islamic groups" and condemned
this violence.
"However no level of violence, however serious, can ever justify human
rights violations deliberately committed by members of the security
forces."
The group said it had been asking since the summer of 1991 for
information "on the causes and circumstances of individuals who are
reported to have been extrajudicially executed or to have died in
secret detention."
Islamic militants rose up against the government after the military
intervened in January 1992 to cancel the second round of elections that
the now-banned Islamic Salvation Front was poised to win. The fighting
has claimed an estimated 30,000 lives.
