(PARIS) ATHLETICS Shock defeat for Christie BIRMINGHAM: Linford
Christie suffered a shock defeat to fellow Briton Darren Braithwaite
over 60 metres in the indoor athletics meeting here. Christie came in
second -- just one hundredth of a second behind Braithwaite -- six days
after setting a European indoor record of 6.47 seconds and breaking the
world 200m record. Braithwaite, best known for dropping the baton in
last summer's 100m relay in the European championships where Britain
were on course for the gold medal, dashed to a lifetime best 6.54
seconds. Mutola, Johnson keep streaks alive FAIRFAX: Mozambique's Maria
Mutola and American Michael Johnson both won with relative ease at the
Mobil Invitational indoor athletics meeting to keep their remarkable
winning streaks alive. Mutola, the world champion, won her 39th
consecutive 800m race in 1:59.41, the fastest time in the world this
year. World record-holder Johnson won his 39th 400m in 45.55. Kenyans
sweep cross-country meet NAIROBI: Paul Tergat led a Kenyan clean sweep
in the Nairobi International Amateur Athletic Federation (IAAF) Cross
Country Challenge meeting held at Ngong Racecourse. Tergat, the Kenya
Armed Forces clerical officer, who is bent on stepping into the shoes
of another Kenyan army compatriot, William Sigei, as World Cross
Country champion, clocked a winning time of 35 minutes 30.02 seconds.
Simon Chemoiywo was second and Ishmail Kirui was third. RUGBY Bell out
of France clash DUBLIN: Jonathan Bell was forced to pull out of
Ireland's team to play France in the Five Nations championship in
Dublin next week. The Ballymena winger broke down in training with the
national squad on Saturday and will be replaced by Niall Woods. more
