Three Gorges Project Draws Worldwide Attention (2)
"Although there are still some doubts related to the project's
resettlement program and the impact on environment, more and more
people from the international community have become aware that the
Three Gorges Project is a great endeavor of the mankind to improve its
living conditions," said the company director for international
cooperation.
Just as a French writer has pointed out out, the Three Gorges Project
represents a restored national pride of the Chinese people as a result
of the considerable economic growth, and this world's biggest dam will
surely amaze the whole world.
"The Three Gorges Project, upon completion in 2009, will be a symbol
that China has victoriously marched into the 21st century," said an
English journalist.
The 25-billion-US-dollar project is expected to chalk up more than 20
world records in the water conservation field. Meanwhile, it is also
confronted with numerous complex technical problems involving the
damming of deep-water river, development of large-scale ship lift, and
so on.
"Solutions to these complex technical problems will advance the world
development of water conservation technologies to a new era, that's why
scientist worldwide have shown growing interest in the project. They
all feel honored to take part in the project, and still more to do some
field research at the dam site," said a Chinese water conservation
expert.
As an indication, a hydro-power company in the Republic of Korea sends
their hydro-electric engineers to the Three Gorges Project site for
training, while a company in Japan also conducts technological
exchanges with the CYTGPDC on a regular basis.
