Saturday November 5 (since 1500 GMT Friday) SARAJEVO: Bosnian Serbs
declared a general mobilisation in response to major battlefield
victories by Moslem and Croat forces as UN officials here warned the
Serbs against pursuing retaliatory attacks on Moslem civilians.
Separatist leader Radovan Karadzic told television in Pale that the
Serb assembly would soon be summoned to put the self-proclaimed Bosnian
Serb Republic on a total war footing. Karadzic was speaking after an
emergency meeting of the supreme command of the Serb armed forces,
called to counter a combined offensive by Bosnian government and Croat
forces launched last week.  MOSCOW: Russia's government and its
economic reforms were hit by new upheaval with the resignation of
Deputy Prime Minister Alexander Shokhin in protest at the appointment
of an ex-communist as finance minister. Shokhin, an avid market
reformer who also served as economy minister, was the fifth senior
official to lose his job following the collapse of the ruble last
month. Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin will accept the resignation,
the Interfax news agency said.  UNITED NATIONS: Citing continuing
security problems and a lack of progress in peace talks, the Security
Council decided to withdraw all 15,000 UN peacekeeping troops from
Somalia by March 31. The council unanimously passed a resolution saying
that the UN operation mandate for Somalia would be extended to that
date, but not beyond it, and that its primary purpose would be "to
facilitate political reconciliation."  WASHINGTON: McDonnell
Douglas will sell China 20 new jetliners and build another 20 in China
under a 1.6 billion dollar agreement, US Commerce Secretary Ron Brown
announced. The first 20 aircraft -- MD-80s and new MD-90s -- will be
built in Long Beach, California, with the remaining 20 assembled in
Shanghai, Brown said. The deal was announced during the visit to
Washington of Chinese Vice Prime Minister Li Lanqing.  vs
