The following are major news items in leading French
newspapers on Monday: Liberation: -- Five days after the disaster of
the Paddington station in London, British Prime Minister Tony Blair has
decided to withdraw from the private company Railtrack, which is one of
the most profitable companies at the London stock exchange, the
management of railway security. An overall breakdown of the security
signal system was blamed for the clash of two trains last Tuesday. --
Relations between Morocco and Algeria were again under tension after an
incursion on September 30 of two jeeps of the Algerian army two
kilometers into the border of Morocco. Morocco suspects that the
Algerian army wants to "test" the reaction of the new king, Mohamed VI,
and "identify" who is in charge of the Algerian files in the Moroccan
government after the death of Hassan II. Le Figaro: -- A few months
before the holding of the presidential election, Russia's military
campaign in Chechnya is raising numerous questions and rumors of a
court plot against President Boris Yeltsin is spreading. At the center
of the controversy, the Rasputin of Kremlin, Boris Berezovski, is
suspected to have special relations with the warlord of Chechnya,
Chamyl Bassayev. -- The clandestine organizations of the French island
of Corsica refuse to lay down their arms. Two new movements have been
announced since last Friday, after the Front de Liberation Nationale de
Corse said that it would not disarm itself.
