Monday, June 26 By The Associated Press Today is Monday, June 26, the
177th day of 1995. There are 188 days left in the year. Highlights in
history on this date: 1541 - Francisco Pizarro, Spanish conqueror, is
slain in Lima, Peru. 1549 - The 17 provinces of the Netherlands are
declared independent of Holy Roman Empire. 1714 - Spain and Holland
sign Peace of Utrecht. 1812 - Polish Diet declares Poland independent,
but Napoleon Bonaparte refuses to accept decision. 1858 - Treaty of
Tientsin ends war between Britain and China, whereby China opens
additional ports to British commerce and legalizes opium trade. 1937 -
Britain's Duke of Windsor weds Mrs. Wallis Warfield Simpson in France.
1945 - Charter establishing United Nations is signed in San Francisco,
California, by 50 nations. 1960 - Madagascar proclaims its independence
as the Malagasy Republic; British Somaliland becomes independent. 1962
- United States declares it will not support any attempt by Chinese
nationalists in Taiwan to land forces on China mainland. 1964 - Roman
Catholic Church and Spain's government say they have reached basic
agreement on proposed legislation to grant legal recognition and
certain rights to Spain's Protestants. 1970 - Alexander Dubcek is
expelled from Czechoslovak Communist Party. 1987 - At least 50,000
Tamils chanting ``Save us from massacre'' greet arrival in Sri Lanka of
two Indian ships loaded with relief supplies. 1988 - Soviet Jews gather
on Moscow street to demand right to emigrate, but police take away
their leader within minutes. 1989 - Hungary's new Communist Party chief
says his country is ``breaking away from Stalinism.'' 1990 - Nelson
Mandela speaks before U.S. Congress, thanking them for imposing
sanctions against South Africa and asking that sanctions be maintained
until ``irreversible'' reforms are enacted. 1991 - Martial law is
lifted in Kuwait and death sentences for 29 people convicted of
collaboration with the Iraqis are commuted to life inprisonment. 1992 -
U.N. Secretary-General Boutros-Ghali gives Serbs 48 hours to halt their
offensive against Sarajevo. 1993 - Despite peace talks in Brussels,
seven people, including a 4-year-old boy, are killed in shelling
attacks on Sarajevo between Croats and Muslims. 1994 - Northern forces
shell residential areas in the southern city of Aden, hitting a school
and wounding 15 women and children. Today's Birthdays: George Morland,
English artist (1763-1804); Baron William Homson Kelvin, English
physicist (1824-1907); George Michael, English pop singer (1963--)
Eleanor Parker, U.S. actress (1922--). Thought For Today: The United
Nations was set up not to get us to heaven, but only to save us from
hell _ Sir Winston Churchill, British statesman (1874-1965).
