MOSCOW, September 4 Georgian Head of State Eduard Shevardnadze and Uzbek
President Islam Karimov signed in Tashkent on Monday a number of agreements
on cooperation between the two former Soviet republics.  MOSCOW, September
4 -- The Moscow-installed government in the breakaway Republic of Chechnya
has decided to postpone the local parliamentary elections previously set on
November 5 until all Chechen "illegal armed formations" are wiped
out. MOSCOW, September 4 -- Some 10,000 border guards started a six-day
military exercise Monday with the aim to cope with "possibilities of
extremely abnormal developments" along the Russian border, according to the
ITAR-Tass News Agency. The exercise, codenamed "West '95," is also aimed at
grappling with smugglers, drug traffickers and other criminals, the news
agency said. BELGRADE, September 4 -- The United Nations and NATO on Monday
evening denied a resumption of air strikes against Bosnian Serbs after a
2100 GMT deadline to lift the siege of Sarajevo passed and NATO also said
no raids had been made so far. According to reports reaching here,
U.N. officials in Zagreb said blasts heard in the Bosnian Serb stronghold
of Pale were not the result of air strikes. (Urgent) NATO Resumes
AirStrikes on Serb Positions BELGRADE, September 4 -- NATO unleashed
another round of heavy raids on the Bosnian Serb positions minutes after
the 23:00 (21:00 GMT) deadline set by NATO passed. NATO warplanes screamed
over Pale, the Serb stronghold outside Sarajevo, and loud explosions could
be heard in Sarajevo. NATO reconnaissance planes flew over Sarajevo during
the day to prepare for the air attacks at night.
