UN-Iraq UNITED NATIONS: Iraq has lifted remaining objections to UN terms
for an oil-for-food plan aimed at providing humanitarian relief for the
Iraqi people. Iraq-UN BAGHDAD: Iraq has raised the specter of a new
showdown with the West by preventing UN inspectors from taking banned
missile engines to the United States for study. Belarus-politics MINSK: The
opposition in Belarus warned of a "dictatorship" after President Alexander
Lukashenko won a sweeping victory in a controversial referendum on
increasing his powers. Russia-Chechnya MOSCOW: The Russian Communist Party
threatened to start impeachment proceedings against President Boris Yeltsin
over his decision to pull the remaining troops from the rebel republic of
Chechnya. US-China-nuclear MANILA: China agreed to a US proposal that the
two countries not target each other with nuclear weapons but said the pact
should include a mutual pledge against making the first strike. Yugo-vote
BELGRADE: In the latest of a wave of protests, more than 50,000 opposition
supporters took to the streets of Belgrade, smashing windows and accusing
Serbian President Slobodan Milosevic of electoral fraud.
Israel-Palestinian-warn JERUSALEM: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu warned Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat against trying to fuel
confrontation with Jewish settlers as a means of pressuring Israel in peace
negotiations. Comoros-plane-toll PARIS: A total of 123 people were killed
when a hijacked Ethiopian airliner plunged into the Indian Ocean, the
French foreign ministry said, revising figures provided by the
Comoros. Zaire MORE
