Exports From Philippine Economic Zones Soar
Exports receipts from the Philippines' economic zones in the first 10
months of the year have soared to 5.13 billion US dollars, already
surpassing its full year target by 100 million US dollars, local press
reported today.
The Philippine Economic Zone Authority (PEZA) documents released
Thursday showed that total exports for the 10-month period grew 46.5
percent from 3.5 billion dollars last year. The PEZA attributed the
growth to the robust growth of privately owned industrial sites.
US firm Texas Instruments, which operates a facility at the Baguio
Export Processing Zone, ranked as top exporter among companies in the
economic zones. It sales reached 990.26 million dollars as of October
31.
Another heavy exporter is the Philippine Associated Smelting and
Refinery Corp., with total export earnings hitting 456.56 million
dollars.
PEZA Director General Lilia de Lima credited the rising export numbers
to the increased investments, particularly in electronics, as well as
the expansion of existing firms. Electronics producers continued to
dominate exports.
The export zone shipments account for almost a third of the 16.81
billion dollars in total merchandise exports for the first 10 months
this year.
As of October, special economic zones shipped 2.04 billion dollar worth
of exports, or 76 percent more than 1.16 billion dollars last year.
Despite robust shipments, PEZA failed to meet its 2.85 billion dollar
investment target for the year. So far, it has only registered 1.7
billion dollar worth of projects.
