TENNIS: WIMBLEDON, England _ American Jeff Tarango, after defaulting a
third-round match at Wimbledon, on Saturday accuses an umpire of fixing
matches in exchange for friendship. Slug Spoorts-Tennis-Wimbledon. Has
moved. By Joseph White. WIMBLEDON, England _ Celebrating victory at
Centre Court, Andre Agassi still looked slightly off his game. He gave
girlfriend Brooke Shields a thumbs-up sign and blew a kiss to British
rugby players in the royal box. Slug Sports-Tennis-Wimbledon-Agassi.
Has moved. By Steven Wine. With: _ WIMBLEDON, England _
Sports-Tennis-Wimbledon-Davenport. By Robert Millward. Has moved. _
WIMBLEDON, England _ Sports-Tennis-Wimbledon Notebook. By Robert
Millward. Has moved. _ WIMBLEDON, England _ Sports-Tennis-Wimbledon
Glance. Has moved. BASKETBALL: ATHENS, Greece _ Sarunas Marciulionis
and Arvydas Sabonis combine for 53 points to carry Lithuania to a 80-70
victory over Croatia Saturday and a final showdown with Yugoslavia at
the European Championship. Slug Sports-Basketball-European
Championship. Has moved. By Nesha Starcevic. NEW YORK _ The NBA begins
its lockout of players Saturday just a minute after midnight, but with
the league in its offseason there was nothing to miss other than the
posturing of the combatants. Slug Sports-Basketball-NBA Labor. Has
moved. By Wendy E. Lane. AUTO RACING: MAGNY COURS, France _ Britain's
Damon Hill edges world champion Michael Schumacher for the French Grand
Prix pole position Saturday, but both had an eye on the skies. Slug
Sports-Auto Racing-French GP. Has moved. By Salvatore Zanca. SOCCER:
SOFIA, Bulgaria _ Bulgarian international striker Hristo Stoichkov
signs a three-year contract with Italian club Parma on Saturday,
completing his transfer from Spanish club Barcelona for a reported dlrs
16 million. Slug Sports-Soccer-Stoichkov-Parma. Has moved. BUENOS
AIRES, Argentina _ No Romario. No Bebeto. Brazil instead will display
the lastest in its seemingly endless line of young talent at the Copa
America. Slug Sports-Soccer-Copa America. Has moved. By Ian Phillips.
WITH: _ NEW YORK _ Sports-Soccer-Copa America-US. By Brian Trusdell.
Has moved. CYCLING: SAINT-BRIEUC, France _ Little known Jacky Durand
makes the most of an early, dry start to win the prologue time trial of
the Tour de France while the favorites do well to stay upright in a
summer storm. Slug Sports-Cycling-Tour de France. Has moved. By Raf
Casert. ROWING: HENLEY, England _ Princeton University wins the
tightest race of the four days of the Henley Royal Regatta on Saturday
to become the second of five American crews through to the final day.
Slug Sports-Rowing-Henley. Has moved. GOLF: BETHESDA, Maryland _ Tommy
Aaron and Tom Weiskopf share the lead going into the third round of the
U.S. Senior Open championship. Slug Sports-Golf-US Senior Open.
Expected by 0200 GMT. By David Ginsburg. MEMPHIS, Tenn. _ Jim Gallagher
is the leader midway through the second round, which was suspended
Friday by rain, at the FedEx-St. Jude Classic. Tour officials hope to
squeeze in at least half the third round Saturday. Slug
Sports-Golf-FedEx Classic. Expected by 0200 GMT. By Teresa M. Walker.
MUNICH, German _ Jarmo Sandelin of Sweden shoots a course record 63
Saturday to take a five-stroke lead with 16-under-par following the
third round of the 1.4 million marks (dlrs 1 million) BMW Open golf
tournament. Slug Sports-Golf-BMW Open. Has moved. ALSO: _ HOWLAND, Ohio
_ Sports-Golf-Youngstown LPGA. Expected by 0200 GMT. ALSO: _ LONDON _
Sports-Cricket-Benjamin. Has moved. _ NAGOYA, Japan _
Sports-Sumo-Roundup. Expected by 1200 GMT.
