Weather Forecast for Major Chinese Cities BEIJING, April 30 
Weather forecast for 14 major Chinese cities for the next 24 hours from
20:00 today to 20:00 on May 1, issued by China's Central Meteorological
Station at 17:00 today: Beijing: min. 12 degrees c., max. 25 degrees
c., clear to overcast, calm to gentle breeze. Shenyang: min. 9 degrees
c., max. 20 degrees c., clear, calm to gentle breeze. Tianjin: min. 14
degrees c., max. 27 degrees c., clear to overcast, calm to gentle
breeze. Xi'an: min. 15 degrees c., max. 30 degrees c., clear, calm to
gentle breeze. Chengdu: min. 18 degrees c., max. 31 degrees c., clear
to cloudy, calm to gentle breeze. Chongqing: min. 18 degrees c., max.
33 degrees c., clear to cloudy, calm to gentle breeze. Kunming: min. 11
degrees c., max. 24 degrees c., clear to cloudy, calm to gentle breeze.
Nanjing: min. 16 degrees c., max. 26 degrees c., clear, gentle to fresh
breeze. Shanghai: min. 15 degrees c., max. 28 degrees c., clear, clam
to gentle breeze. Wuhan: min. 19 degrees c., max. 33 degrees c., clear,
calm to gentle breeze. Hangzhou: min. 18 degrees c., max. 30 degrees
c., cloudy, calm to gentle breeze. Taipei: min. 20 degrees c., max. 29
degrees c., thunder shower, calm to gentle breeze. Guangzhou: min. 22
degrees c., max. 28 degrees c., drizzle, calm to gentle breeze. Hong
Kong: min. 23 degrees c., max. 28 degrees c., moderate rain, calm to
gentle breeze.
