ROME A group of American U-2 spy planes on Friday began reconnaissance
flights over Kosovo to monitor the withdrawal of Serbian forces from the
mostly ethnic Albanian region in line with the U.N. demands. The jets flew
at an altitude of 20,000 feet, to avoid any anti-aircraft fire, but were
able to photograph the ground in minute details through the electronic
equipment. (NATO-Kosovo) - - - - ROME -- Italian Justice Minister Oliviero
Diliberto on Friday gave Milan prosecutors the go-ahead to investigate into
the case presented by a Chilean exile against former Chilean president
Augusto Pinochet. Diliberto looked carefully into the possibility of
opening an investigation into a crime committed abroad by a foreign citizen
before making the decision. Vecente Bergara Taquias, the Chilean exile who
has been living in Italy since 1975, requested a Milan court on Wednesday
to open a case against Pinochet on charges of murder, torture and
kidnaping. (Italy-Pinochet Case) - - - - VIENNA -- Interior ministers and
judicial ministers of the European Union (EU) ended a two-day informal
meeting here on Friday in preparation for the EU Vienna summit scheduled
for December. Austrian Interior Minister Karl Schloegl, who presided over
the meeting, said the discussions focused on common immigration and asylum
policies, as well as strengthening judicial cooperation among EU countries.
(EU-Interior Ministers Meeting) - - - - COLOMBO -- Sri Lankan Navy on
Friday killed 30 Tamil rebels and destroyed seven boats in a battle off
Mullaitivu sea in the northeast of the country, military sources said on
Saturday. The sources said the battle started when a convoy of nine attack
craft of the Sri Lanka Navy providing protection to MV Lanka Mudhitha
confronted the rebels off Mullaitivu sea, about 300 kilometers from
Colombo. (Sri Lanka-Troops-Rebels)
