Premier's Speech on Environmental Protection in Three Gorges Area Hailed 
Premier Zhu Rongji's recent speech on environmental protection in the
Three Gorges Area, where a mammoth dam project is being built, has been
applauded by local officials and experts who regard it as a big boost
to the efforts made by the local people to hold back land erosion and
pollution.
The decision to allocate two billion yuan a year in the coming two
years for environmental protection in the area indicates that the
central government has given priority to the environmental issues and
is increasing its support to dealing with these problems, said Gan
Yuping, a deputy mayor of southwest China's Chongqing Municipality,
Friday.
The official made the remarks in an interview with a group of reporters
who are traveling along the Yangtze River to study the environmental
situation.
Zhu's speech, made at a recent conference hosted by the State Council
on some critical issues concerning the giant hydropower project on the
middle reaches of the Yangtze, is especially applauded by local
officials responsible for environmental protection.
Xu Zhihong, head of the environmental protection bureau of Fuling
District, Chongqing, said the premier's speech is a great encouragement
to local people as the money-tight district has allocated huge funds
for environmental and land protection.
In a telephone interview with Xinhua, Sun Weiquan, director of the
environmental protection bureau of Yichang, Hubei Province, could not
help showing his delight at the news. "I'll work out the plan for
cleaning Huangbai River, a branch of Yangtze, as early as possible," he
said.
According to Wang Yue, a vice secretary-general of the municipal
government of Chongqing, the city has made great efforts to turn it
into a beautiful metropolis. The central government's decision to
increase investment in the environmental sector will help with the
timely completion of the dam project and maintain a sound ecological
environment, he said.
