Israel-Lebanon JERUSALEM - Israel and Iranian-backed Hezbollah guerrillas
agreed to a ceasefire, ending a 16-day war which killed more than 160
people and sent hundreds of thousands fleeing their homes in
Lebanon. China-CentralAsia-sign SHANGHAI - Russian President Boris Yeltsin
and the leaders of China and three former Soviet Central Asian states
signed a security treaty here, hailing the agreement as a milestone in
maintaining peace in a former regional flashpoint. Russia-Chechnya MOSCOW -
Russian trains, oil wells and convoys came under fresh attack in the
strategic breakaway republic of Chechnya, as a key field commander
reportedly swore his loyalty to the new leader of the separatists. UN-Sudan
UNITED NATIONS - The UN Security Council ordered diplomatic sanctions
against the Sudanese government from next month over Khartoum's presumed
links with terrorism. Chernobyl CHERNOBYL, Ukraine - Chernobyl remembered
the dead of 10 years ago with a monument recalling the world's worst
nuclear accident, amid worldwide calls for such a disaster never to happen
again. SriLanka-Tamil COLOMBO - Heavy fighting raged in northern Sri Lanka
as advancing government forces captured key Tamil guerrilla bases amid a
mounting death toll on both sides, defence officials here said.  US-China
WASHINGTON - The United States has put new government-backed loans for
China deals on hold for the second time since February as officials
consider how to sanction Beijing for selling nuclear technology to
Pakistan. US-raids MORE 270320
