World Cup final advisory July 1  - The World Cup final advisory at
0030 GMT Tel: Seoul (82-2) 2051-8028 BRAZIL 2 GERMANY 0 Fbl-WC2002
YOKOHAMA, Japan Comeback king Ronaldo is the toast of football after
his double against aphic Fbl-WC2002-Ronaldo,profile YOKOHAMA, Japan
From cripple to crown in the space of a few months, Ronaldo's
spectacular comeback is the stuff of football legend. 800 word 0400 GMT
Fbl-WC2002-Bra YOKOHAMA, Japan Samba-style football is back as Brazil
lift a fifth World Cup following four years of self-doubt and anxiety.
700 words 0500 GMT by Rob Woollard Fbl-WC2002-Ger YOKOHAMA, Japan For
once second-best is no disgrace for mighty Germany with coach Rudi
Voller having rescued a crestfallen side from the depths of despair to
the dawn of a possible new era. 600 words 0415 GMT REVIEWS
Fbl-WC2002-stars SEOUL They were the stars that lit up the World Cup,
their goals, their saves, their tackles and their tantrums. A look at
10 of the World Cup best 1,000 words 0500 GMT We will also update the
following reviews which filed on Sunday Fbl-WC2002-goals-review - Best
goals of the tournament Fbl-WC2002-quotes-review - What they said
during World Cup finals Fbl-WC2002-teams-review - Team by team World
Cup review REACTIONS Fbl-WC2002-LatAm-reax MONTEVIDEO Latin Americans
celebrate with pride as Brazilians for the fifth time lofted football's
World Cup, igniting festivities around the continent and even
interfering with elections in Bolivia. 550 words moved Fbl-WC2002-reax
SEOUL The world hails the samba boys from Brazil as worthy winners of
the 17th World Cup and toasts Ronaldo as man of the tournament. 1,000
words 0900 GMT afp
