First Lady Hillary Clinton will visit US troops in Bosnia this month during
a weeklong trip that will also take her to Germany, Italy, Turkey and
Greece, the White House said. The first lady's March 23-April 1 trip was
"to affirm the United States' commitment to democracy in that region of the
world and to encourage and support American troops in Bosnia and their
families."  PHNOM PENH: Thirteen ethnic Vietnamese who entered the US
Embassy grounds here to seek protection from feared deportation to Vietnam
left the compound voluntarily early Saturday, a senior diplomat said. The
13, as well as 15 to 20 others who were unable to follow their companions
when they rushed into the embassy behind a diplomatic vehicle, were
connected with Vietnam Tudo (Free Vietnam) -- a group that advocates the
overthrow of the communist government in Hanoi.  LIMA: Peru's highest
military court denied an appeal of a life sentence for Lori Berenson, a US
citizen convicted of treason for assisting a Peruvian rebel
group. Berenson, a 26-year-old from New York accused of helping rent a safe
house for the Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement (MRTA), was convicted
along with rebel leader Miguel Rincon in early January.  The Supreme Court
for Military Justice, in its third denial of Berenson's appeal, issued a
statement assailing the foreign press for protraying her as a "social
defender," saying she was in fact "a dangerous leader" of the rebel
movement that had "declared war on the nation."  afp 160511
