The following are major news items in leading U.S. newspapers
on Friday. The Washington Post: -- Freed from the impasse that ate up
nearly half his transition time, President-elect George W. Bush
launched overtures Thursday to Democratic prospects for his Cabinet as
he began the delicate mission of building a bipartisan administrations
while satisfying restless conservatives. -- President Vladimir Putin on
Thursday pardoned Edmond Pope, the American businessman and retired
intelligence officer who was sentenced to 20 years in prison for
espionage. Pope immediately flew to Germany for medical treatment. The
New York Times: -- House Speaker J. Dennis Hastert said Thursday that
he did not favor President-elect George W. Bush's $1.3 trillion across-
the-board tax cut, a position that could threaten a centerpiece of his
campaign. -- Russia and Cuba, two battered allies who fell out a decade
ago when the Soviet Union fell apart, officially got back together
Thursday when President Vladimir V. Putin and President Fidel Castro
pledged to reinvest the relationship based on a modest agenda of trade
and commerce and an equally modest smattering of ideological alignment.
The Wall Street Journal: -- The FTC approved the $110 billion merger of
AOL and Time Warner, creating a media giant but subjecting it to tough
rules, including an agreement by the firms to open their cable lines to
Internet rivals and accept continued monitoring. The merger could
transform the media and entertainment industries and hasten the shift
to broadband Internet access. -- Iran's culture minister quit as
hard-line clerics drove the last reformer from President Khatami's
cabinet. On Wednesday, hard- liners demanded that the high court review
Khatami's easing of social restrictions.
