"The Tribunal accepted the offences were serious and that they were
committed by the club but it must be borne in mind that any penalties
will be visited, not upon the people to blame but on those who were
guiltless."
The points deduction would "handicap the side in the Premier League
whose regulations it had observed," while the FA Cup ban "would exclude
the team from a competition taking place years after the date of the
offences."
Graham Kelly, the FA's chief executive, refused to answer questions
after reading a prepared statement which said: "The Football
Association, for its part, is absolutely committed to taking the
strongest action against any financial irregularities in our national
sport.
"We believe any punishment must have the effect of deterring others.
"We welcome the fact that the tribunal confirms the powers of the
Football Association to deduct points and decide who should play in the
FA Challenge Cup. We are surprised, therefore, that they don't consider
such penalties are appropriate in a serious case like this one.
"It will be for a new FA Commission to decide the way forward. That
will meet next week. Until then it would be premature for the FA to
comment further."
Delighted Spurs skipper Gary Mabbutt said: "If you took Tottenham out
of the FA Cup it would have undermined the competition. With the six
points reinstated, when we look at the league table it is a truer
position.
"We can now set our sights at getting among the top five or six clubs
rather than worry about losing the six points and staving off
relegation."
