Philippine leader brushes aside prominent cardinal's criticism 
Philippine President Fidel Ramos on Wednesday, brushed aside a
prominent archbishop's public criticism of his economic policies,
preferring instead to focus on the church leader's calls for unity.
Ramos was asked during his weekly press conference to react to public
statements by the Roman Catholic archbishop of Manila, Cardinal Jaime
Sin, on Wednesday, attacking Ramos's economic deregulation policies.
Sin assailed Ramos's economic policies at a national celebration on
Tuesday, saying that deregulation "can prostitute our entire country,"
and endorsed protectionism as Ramos sat close by.
Ramos however noted that earlier in Sin's speech, he called on all
sectors to "unite behind him, and achieve what must be achieved ... in
this end period of his term."
Ramos quoted Sin as endorsing his tax reforms, law and order measures
and other policies and made no mention of Sin's criticism of economic
policies.
"I think that should be seen as the main theme of his homily," Ramos
added, smiling.
Although Ramos did not directly challenge Sin's statements at the
celebration, he defended his policies in his own speech a few minutes
later, where he reaffirmed his privatization efforts and assailed
"vested interests, dynastic structures and parochial forces" for
obstructing growth.
Sin has been a frequent critic of Ramos, the first Protestant president
of this largely Roman Catholic nation.
