RUGBY Northerns bolster Super 12 claims PRETORIA: Northern
Transvaal beat Wellington Hurricanes 38-20 in the Super 12 event in
front of a packed Loftus Versfeld crowd. It was a workmanlike
performance from the Pretoria team whose power -- allied to the thin
highveld air -- proved too much for the visiting New Zealanders. Natal
stake their claim to semi-final spot DURBAN: Natal laid emphatic claim
to a semi-final spot in the Super 12 with a 58-26 trouncing of
Canterbury Crusaders at Kings Park Stadium. Natal held a 15-9 lead at
halftime thanks to a second-minute try from Jeremy Thomson -- who left
the field with a concussion -- and prop Ollie le Roux. Paul makes
history but still loses LONDON: Bradford Bulls' Kiwi skipper Robbie
Paul made history twice, but still ended up on the losing side on one
of the most dramatic Challenge Cuyp finals in history. Paul, at 20 the
youngest Wembley captain, became the first player to score a hat-trick
of tries in a final at the famous stadium. But Bradford were edged
32-40 by team-of-the-moment St. Helens. England thrown 5 Nations
lifeline LONDON: England could avoid being thrown out of the Five
Nations Championship if a bid by Sky TV for the broadcast rights to all
major games in the United Kingdom is accpted by the home unions.
England's future in the world's oldest international rugby union
competition was thrown into doubt when they infuriated Wales, Ireland
and Scotland by trying to negotiate their own television deal. more
280013
