Four Kuwaitis Arrested For DMZ Violation 
The Kuwaiti border police had arrested four Kuwaitis recently for
illegally entering the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) along the border with
Iraq.
The English-language daily Arab Times today quoted a senior official
from the Interior Ministry as saying that the arrest announcement was
made public to "alert the people."
The announcement came when U.N. peace-keepers are strengthening their
patrolling in the area to avoid accidental crossings and days after two
Kuwait-based Americans crossed through the DMZ into Iraq, where they
have been arrested and sentenced to an eight-year imprisonment for
illegal entry.
The four Kuwaitis, including three teenagers, were arrested by the
Kuwait border police inside the DMZ carrying "two hunting rifles and a
shotgun," the daily said, quoted a statement issued by the Interior
Ministry Sunday.
It added that the Ministry had warned the Kuwaitis and foreigners not
to come near the northern border area and to follow security
instructions when doing that legally "to protect their lives and their
safety."
Meanwhile, the U.N. Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission(UNIKOM) said Sunday
that its personnel monitoring the DMZ were "on alert" and have
"rectified" the mistake two weeks ago that led to two Americans
straying into Iraq.
UNIKOM spokesman Salem Fehmawi said the U.N. peace-keepers will
continue their patrolling by land and air, and "land patrolling is
around the clock."
The DMZ extends 10 kilometers from the border into Iraq and five
kilometers into Kuwait along the 207 kilometer-long common boder,
according to a U.N. decision after the 1991 Gulf war.
