JERUSALEM Israeli opposition leader Yossi Sarid said on Thursday that
Israel has been violating a ceasefire with the Palestinians on a daily
basis. During an interview with Israel Radio, Sarid, who heads left- wing
Meretz Party, said that the demolition of Palestinian houses was a type of
"terrorist act", and evacuation of outposts set up by Jewish settlers in
the West Bank has not taken place. (Israel- Ceasefire-Violation) - - - -
JERUSALEM -- Israeli Foreign Minister Shimon Peres has rejected growing
calls inside Israel to look for an alternative to Palestinian leader Yasser
Arafat as the two sides are locked in continuous clashes. Trying to get rid
of Arafat "can not help solve the Israeli- Palestinian conflict," Peres
told the Jerusalem Post newspaper.  (Israel-Peres-Arafat) - - - - GAZA -- A
Palestinian military intelligence officer was killed in an Israeli shooting
in the West Bank city of Nablus Thursday afternoon, said a Palestinian
security source.  The source told Xinhua that the killed officer,
identified as Mohamed Fyadh, was from the Gaza
Strip. (Palestine-Israel-Killing) - - - - SANAA -- Arab lawmakers on
Thursday reiterated support for the Palestinians' uprising against Israeli
occupation and for the restoration of their legitimate rights. The Sanaa
Declaration, issued at the end of the two-day 39th emergency session of the
Arab Parliamentary Union (APU) Council, acclaimed the struggles of
Palestinian people in the face of Israeli aggressions. (Yemen-Arab
Parliaments-Palestinians) - - - - CAIRO -- Arab League (AL) chief Amr
Moussa dismissed here Thursday as "unacceptable" Israeli Prime Minister
Ariel Sharon' remarks on his intention to keep the occupied Golan
Heights. "Sharon's statements are insulting against the Arabs and have gone
very far," Moussa told reporters, referring to Sharon's remarks made during
his Tuesday's tour to the Golan Heights, a strategic plateau seized by
Israel from Syria in the 1967 Mideast War.  (Egypt-AL-Sharon)
